How many movies did Stanley Kubrick direct?
Which city's foundeer is John Forbes?
What is the river whose mouth is in deadsea?
What is the allegiance of John Kotelawala ?
How many races have the horses bred by Jacques Van't Hart participated in?
What is the incumbent of the Al Gore presidential campaign, 2000 and also the president of the Ann Lewis ?
What is the region of Tom Perriello ?
What layout can be found in cars similar to the Subaru Outback?
Starwood operates in which places?
Name the mascot of Austin College ?
What was the university of the rugby player who coached the Stanford rugby teams during 1906-1917?
How many people live in Wilton, Connecticut?
What awards did the film director of The Haunted House win ?
Name the origin of Henry Cluney ?
List the things for which people of New Orleans are famous for?
What sports are played in schools in the capital region?
What company brought Riddim Ribbon to the market, and developed the batch monitor?
In which part of the world can i find Xynisteri and Mavro?
which awards have been given to people who fought in the Battle of France?
Name the resting place of Charles Edward Magoon ?
Who built the stadium which was rented for the 2013 Copa Centroamericana ?
Who was the silver medalist of Gymnastics at the 2008 Summer Olympics  Women's artistic individual all-around ?
what are some common surnames of female people?
Which company owns the manufacturer of the Edsel Ranger?
List the total number of board members who share board with Creative commons ?
Who is the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789 ?
The fugitive Kind and the Notebook of Trigorin is written by what author?
Name the mountain whose range is Sierra Nevada (U.S.) and parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Where did the  designer of Monument to Salavat Yulaev die?
How many mammals are in the Chordate phylum?
List the battles fought by Roh Tae-woo ?
Which genre of books are published by Random House?
Which famous political figure appointed william cushing, and also founded Pittsburgh>
Which newspapers are owned by companies which are under Rolv Erik Ryssdal?
Which series has an episode called The lost special and also a character named Sherlock Holmes ?
What are some Louisiana based models known for?
List the common official language of the ladonia and Empire of Atlantium ?
What are the prizes won by the animator of The Skeleton Dance ?
Which office holder's constituency is Haight-Ashbury and has military unit as USS Kittiwake ?
What is the region of the ethnic group which speaks the language of Arkansas?
What is the religion of the member of parliament who is a relative of Sarathchandra Rajakaruna?
What organisation regulates and controls the New Sanno Hotel?
Who is the common manager of Aston Villa 2000-02 season and aldo the manager of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2009-10
Was Ganymede discovered by Galileo Galilei?
Name the F1 racer with relative as Ralf Schumacher and has child named Mick Schumacher?
Does the Toyota Verossa have the front engine design platform?
What are some other products of the banks which makes Postbanken?
What is the occupation of the Irving Chernev and Karen Grigorian?
Who produces the trains operated by the MTR?
Name the TV show with distributor as Broadcast syndication and has theme music composed by Primus ?
In which countries can i find some feminist writers?
In which teams did anyone who played as a defencemen, play previously?
What are the other band member of the Bands whose current members is Hynief?
Which line of the Vadodara Junction railway station is the route end of Mumbai Vadodara Expressway ?
Who authored the works published in the Jump Square Magazine?
How many things are aired on BBC HD?
Which work of Craig van Tilbury is close to the area of The Chess Monthyl ?
Where does the successor of Thongsuk Samdaengpan reside?
What is the location city of the Denver Broncos which is also  place of birth of the William C. Cramer ?
Was Mark Twain a character of Mark Twain Tonight?
List bacteria whose order (taxonomy) is Bacillales and domain is Bacteria?
What is the place of the Geography Club (play) which is also the  official residence of the Scott Berkun?
What are some characters of series produced by Ricky Grevais?
Is the song Killing is Out, School is in belong in the The Next Step?
Which band's  former member are Kevin Jonas and Joe Jonas?
Count all those whose youth club was managed by Luis Enrique.
Is camel  of the chordate phylum?
What is the purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association which is genere of PyChess?
Whose former teams are Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
In which language is All I need is Your Sweet lovin written ?
Which colonel consort is Dolley Madison?
Which title of Zaman Shah Durrani is also the nationality of Salahuddin ?
Does the merlin express have a hub at the cibano international airport?
Was Duanne Allman known to play the Les Paul?
List the judges of Rising Star which is also the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
Who are some people whose relation is hqed in Gold Base?
Which party does Iqbal Singh and B Shiva Rao currently belong to?
In which state is the alma mater of Ben Ysursa located ?
What sport amongst the one Lagos Preparatory School practices, did Willian Garne play for?
What are the beverages whose origin is England?
Which current member of Insect vs Robots is also the music composer of Kenny Dies ?
What are the television shows whose distributer is HBO?
What is the distributing label of StandBy Records ?
Who is the film star of On Air with Ryan Seacrest ?
Who have children named James Roosevelt and Franklin Delano Roosevelt, Jr.?
In how many different places does Canal and River Trust own its assets?
Count the total number of launch site of the rockets which have been launched form Cape Canaveral Air Force Station ?
List some leaders of regions in the Indian Standard Time Zone?
Name some comic characters created by Bruce Timm?
Which university attended by Franklin W. Olin was also the alma mater of Patty Lin ?
Whihc associate of THomas Bryan Martin is also the founder of Pittsburgh ?
Who gives the license of WXXV-DT2 ?
Count the number of sports played by schools which play hockey ?
List the tomb of the royalties whose burial place is Little Easton ?
What are some relatives of the people who fought in Operation Barbarossa?
How many awards have been given to screenwriters?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica (2011) ?
How many software run on operating system is Microsoft Windows?
What is the awards given to the horse whose grandson is the famous Counterpoint?
Where is the swedish covenant hospital?
Who won a Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
What awards have been given to Screenwriters?
Which office's people have died on the US Route 165?
In which races have Tillingdale's horses participated?
List the show related to the which was followed by Doctor Who Extra?
What is the predecessor of the automobile which is the related of Cadillac Fleetwood?
Which country's largest city is Lima?
Whose opponents are Ike Clanton and Billy Clanton?
List the institute of Robert hall ?
To which religion does the commander of South Thailand insurgency belong?
Who was the writer of the novel Maniac Magee?
Where is Emmett Hughes from?
What are the movies whose music is given by Laurie Johnson?
What appliance Sony made after the success of PlayStation 2?
What are some cars similar to luxury cars?
What television show is magistrated by Harry Connick, Jr.?
Did Paul Weatherwax an editor of Behave Yourself?
does the journal of cancer have the creative commons license?
What genre of games are made by Blizzard Entertainment studios?
Name the series of Doctor Who: Evacuation Earth ?
List the awards won by the writer of Face to Face ?
What is the common party of Chandra Shekhar and Govinda  ?
What awards were given to the screenplayer of The Motorcycle Diaries?
Was Jack Ryan a nominee of US Senate?
What are some music artists whose bands have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
What team did Dan Daoust and Don Ashby play for?
Name the broadcast area of  Radio Philippines Network ?
Which district of Fort Heath radar station is also the state of Joesph Story ?
Which river's mouth is located in Gulf of Mexico and has source location as Itasca State Park ?
Is my truly truly fair the band of mitch miller?
Which religion is prevalent in the schools of the Ashanti region?
Which politician was succeeded by someone who graduated from the Instituts d'tudes politiques?
How many different mascots are there of the NCAA teams?
Which of the continents that Digitalb worked in, was christine rolfes born in?
Which nation hosts the WTA Tour Championships?
Name the television show whose theme music is composed by Julian Gingell and broadcasted on FOX ?
What is the prize received by the one who wrote the screen play of The Postman  ?
What are the awrds won by Laemmle Theatres ?
Is nintendo in the video games industry?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is  Henry E. Catto, Jr. and won Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
Which notable commanders of the Army Group Oberrhein (Germany) is the  leader of the Kriminalpolizei?
Which maintainer of Cheasty Boulevard South is also the city of Soccer Bowl' 76 ?
Which colonel has allegiance to Colony of Virginia ?
Which driver came first in the 1993 European Grand Prix ?
What is the layout of the cars similar to that of the Subaru Outback?
Name the university which has Lieutenaunt general as superintendent and mascot as Gyrfalcon ?
How many other ingredient are there in the foods whihh have one of the ingredient as Potato ?
In which country is the Duong river?
How many companies have launched their rockets from the Vandenerg Air base?
List the destinations to which the airlines headquartered at the Gatwick Airport fly to?
What are some given names for males?
The official residence of Sukhumbhand paribatra ?
What are the television shows whose company's predecessor is Desilu Productions?
What is operated by FedExField ?
Which battle did both Steven Palazao and tony hogg fight in?
Which company which assembles its cars in Broadmeadows, Victoria?
List the people casted in Betsy's Wedding and 16 candles?
Foxconn makes how many things?
Do the polet airlines fly to moscow?
In how many nations can I find dishes made of Shallot?
What is the mascot of the military unit of David Prowse?
Does Cohoes a junction on the NY State Route 470?
How many other important things have been written by the creator of Stuart Alan Jones?
What is the genre of the Band whose home town is County Westmeath?
Which sports are played at institues in Taguig?
Whose album is Haiti, I am sorry?
Is Microsoft office written in C++
Whose band members are known to play a PRS guitar?
Which river's source place is Gloucestershire and mouth in North Sea?
Name the commanders of military conflicts where Roundhead was one of the commander ?
What are some short story kind of Books?
What are the nicknames of the schools whose color is royal blue?
To what political party do the politicians graduated from Somerville college, Oxford belong to?
What awards did Jos Rivera (playwright) win?
Which political figures were awarded Screen Actors Guild Life Achievement Award?
What are the things whose director of photography died in United States?
What is the Home Stadium of the Kenya national under-20 football team where Matin Suji was also born ?
Name a company with key person as Dennis Muilenburg and Raymond Conner ?
Which branch of american military have both George Siebels jr and Leroy Collins served?
What are some scientists who have stateless citizenship?
Name the regions served by Toll Global Express ?
What is the protected area whose nearest city is Kenya?
Count the nearest city to the historic palce whose one of the nearest city is Wisconsin ?
Give me the total number of commander of the military conflicts whose commander is Roundhead (Wyandot).
How many places were ruled by Elizabeth II?
List the interest of the scientists whose one of the field is Chinese poetry ?
Who was the narrator of the show who's music is composed by John Douglas?
Which parent comapny of hypnotize Minds is the label of the Producers , a 2005 film ?
Which college of Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush
Who is the fictional character who portrayed in Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
Which team of Dan Shamash is also the debutant team of John Estes ?
Where do employees of Deroit Red Wings live?
What are some countries where companies headquartered in the Klang Valley operate?
Did Chant Mas originate in West Africa?
Name the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
Give me a count of bacterias which belongs to Bacilli class?
How many producers have worked for FremantleMedia productions?
Who is on the board of Kate Spade and company?
Which animator of Tommy Ticker's Tooth is also the director of The Haunted house ?
Name the university whose athletic department is called National Collegiate Athletic Association and has a chancellor named Nicholas S. Zeppos?
Name the common managing club of the Ivan Toplak and Bret Simon?
How many shows are made by Larry David?
Martin AN/GSG-5 is a part of the building in which city?
How many architects are there who have made something used by Oakland athletics?
In which company's boards does the founder of Bomis sit?
What genre isPyChess from, which employes Craig Van Tilbury?
Where is Ethiopian Parliament Building located ?
Which are the cities on the river which also flows in Tukwila, Washington ?
Which award is presented by Downtown Athletic Club?
Who appointed Joseph Clay and William Cushing to their office?
Who are the biological parents of Dannielynn Birkhead?
List the awards won by the spouse of Harriet Andersson?
Who was engaged in wars of Fort Gadsden and Fort Barrancas?
Where are Solidus and Aureus used?
Which company owns the airlines whose hub is in Dubai?
Which appointer of William Clark is the successor of Levi Lincoln Sr ?
Which company's division is Audi India? Correct Question
What was the book that lead to Sagan's Cosmos, about?
What is the nationality of the chancellor who was served by Michael Mayr?
What is the official residence of the Helen Getachew which is also the palce of death of the Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
Who built the Ford Y-block engine ?
Does Gibby Haynes play the saxophone?
Is The Orator in the National Archaeological Museum of Florence?
What is the region of Lumberjack  ?
Where did the president study, who's the president of Besiktas JK?
Elizabeth Alexander and Jared Bernstein served under which Vice President?
How many awards have royal designers for industry awardwinners got?
Where is the team of Abdel Boucker located ?
For which other teams do members of tanzanian national football team play?
What is the governing body of Burro Flats Painted Cave ?
Did Hank Williams Jr. make Early in the Morning and Late at Night?
What are some cartoons distributed by a subsidiary of Time Warner?
Whose famous works have been illustrated by E W Kemble?
Who was once married to both Kelly Brook and Rosie Huntington-Whiteley?
Which Fox  show is presented by Ryan Seacrest?
Where did george f hoar and willian langer spend the most important time of their political career?
How many TV show has distributor located in Burbank California ?
List the ceremonial county of East Tilbury ?
Which television show's theme music composer is Gary Portnoy and subsequent work is Frasier?
List the common sports between Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School  and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao
Which award that has been given to James F Obrien, had used Laemmle Theatres for some service?
What is the drafted team of the people expected to join toronto marlies?
Which office holder's predecessor is  Lucius Cornelius and his associate is Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
How many people have parterned with the person choroegraphed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
List everything governed by the Democratic Party of US?
Name the current club of Abdelhameed Amarri ?
The pope whose shrine is in St Peter's Basilica was venerated in which sects?
Who is the father of Barbara Ann Crancer?
Which home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow season is also the location of birth of the Svetlana Gounkina ?
Which famous commander led the Siege of forn meigs and was involved in the battle of fort stephenson?
Which games publishers are located in California?
Where is the stadium of Philadelphia Rage ?
Who produced the Pixar Image Computer?
Was Marie Curie a doctoral student of Henri Becquerel?
What are the baseball teams who belongs to  Guggenheim Partners?
Count all the things licensed as Software as a service.
Who is the headcoach of 2014-15 Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
What is the resting place of the politician who succeeded Samuel Hayes?
What country had the title of 2001 Speedway Ekstraliga ?
How many broadcast area of the television stations exists whose broadcast area is Rodrigues ?
What is the common governing body of the Naval Air Facility Adak and Oahu Railway and Land Company?
Count the drinks originated in England.
What is the total number of other non-fiction subject of the books whose one of the subject is Racism?
Name all the junctions of U.S. Route 59?
What are some other services of the company whose service is Onedrive?
Give me some softwares which run on mac os
What is the city  of the television station whose affiliations is LATV?
What is the state of the administrative region where Oscoda, Michigan is located?
Was Duanne Allman famous for playing the Gibson SG?
Who were all the people in office when bob hawke was the PM?
What is Bob Adams (American football) known for?
Is Guatemala a unitary state?
Who owns Chelsea F.C.?
What is the common affiliation of the Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt and alma mater of the Duncan U. Fletcher?
Among the scientist known for Manhattan Project who had a doctoral student named Charles Ellis ?
UEM group have made bridges crossing over what?
How many relatives are there of the people who died in Germany?
Where do bachelor of arts live?
Was Castillo discovered by Galileo?
Does A foreign policy of freedom belong to the genre Politics?
How many mountain are there in Sierra Nevada range?
What is the total number of other characters of the plays whose characters is Robin (comics)?
What are the awards won by the spouse of Liv Ullmann ?
What is the Recorded of the Kaptaan is also the headquarters of the Orient News ?
What is the total number of other nearest countries to the lakes whose nearest countries is Uganda?
How many companies have developed cross platformed softwares?
List the shows whose network is run by BBC.
How many titles were given to people who engaged in the Operation Dragoon?
Which place founded by Penobscot Island Air is also the location fo Ellei Johndro ?
Name the TV show whose opening theme is Gary Portnoy and the subsequent work is Frasier?
List the pole drivers in the grand prixes where Williams Grand Prix Engineering was a first team?
Which appointer of the Joseph Clay (Georgia) is also the  President of the William Carmichael (diplomat) ?
Who is the employer of Michael M. Sears ?
List things developed by Autoconf ?
List all the artist of the TV shows which has McClain as one of the artist ?
Who is the person whose child performed with Tony Bennett?
Does the north carolina highway 280 end in Arden?
Is Angola Avante the anthem of Angola?
Name the river with mouth as Thames Estuary and passes through Reading Berkshire ?
Who all play for the Ivory Coast football team?
List all the layouts of the automobile whose one of the layout is four-wheel-drive layout ?
To how many places does the airlines fly, whose head office is located at the Gatwick Airport?
What are the television shows whose distributor is a division of Warner Bros. International TV?
Where is the arena of WPC Dynamo Moscow situated?
Which relative of George Madison is the appointer of John Drayton ?
Does the mississippi orignate in the clearwater county, minnesota?
 How many scientist have won an award by the society led by Venkatraman Ramakrishnan?
Who all did their high school in Denbigh high School?
Name the company founded in US and provides OneDrive as service ?
Which manufacturer of the Boeing B-17 Flying fortress is the manager of burro Flats Painted Caves ?
Which owner of Drop.io made Sean Parker famous?
What is the information appliance whose successor is PlayStation 4 and maker is Foxconn?
What country provides a citizenship too Newin Chidchob and Seni Pramoj?
Which  person has opponent Ike Clanton?
Who is the builder of Atamurat-Kerkichi Bridge ?
name the mountain range of Le Gibloux ?
Count me all the video game distributor whose parent company is Warner Bros ?
Who all were involved in the wars fought by the commander Blue Jacket?
Is Judy Garland a character of End of the Rainbow?
Who is the associate of Thomas Bryan Martin ?
In what wars was Steve Buyer involved?
What is the profession of the children of Herbert Pell ?
Does Silver Airways have a hub at the Washington Dulles International Airport?
Whose labels are Victor Entertainment and Celluloid Records?
Which astronauts went on the Gemini 8 mission?
 Erik Jendresen is the writer of which television show?
Where is the station whose sister channel is the Channel 3 in Thailand?
How many people have written stuff broadcasted on the Tokyo Broadcasting System?
What is the mascot of the military unit whose commander is Herbert Bautista ?
Which city is the resting place of the Martin Ragaway and Chuck Connors ?
Which new Mexico based company produces Surface ?
Who is the person who are on the board of Freedom of the City?
What cities are around the sea which flows into Marmara?
Companies headquartered in Geneva own which TV Shows?
Who died due to Morphine ?
Does Walt Disney Studio have a subsidiary called PixarCascadia_
Which purpose of the Maharashtra Chess Association is Abhijit kunte is also know for ?
What does the famous relative of Levon Ashotovich Grigorian do for a living?
Where is the debut team of Shaquil Barrett located?
Who owns Ivanpah Solar Power Facility?
What artist of Charing Cross Bridge influenced Dorothea Sharp in her career?
What is the game whose genre is Mind sport?
List the awards given to the race horses bred by Willis Sharpe Kilmer.
Which country's engineered have studied at Aero Klub in Wroclaw?
What is the common place where USS Camp DE-251 was built, and is one of the destinations of Emerald Air?
List the religions of the commanders of Royal Thai Army.
What is the official name of Arkansas wine ?
Which country is the birth place of Marcus Samuelsson and Samuel of Waldebba ?
Name the battle fought by the military persons who also fought in Algeria ?
Where is the head quarters of the parent company of Mall of America located?
Bridge that starts at Seberang Perai crosses over what?
Is Julia Gillard the prime minister of Kate Lundy?
Comcast SportsNet is broadcasted in what area, which also has the Michigan Renaissance Festival?
what cities are located on the sides of mediterranean sea?
What is the purpose of some Maharashtran organizations?
In how many  territories were the wars fought where Fusil Gras Mile 1874 were used?
Mota Engil built bridges over which rivers?
How many other field are there of the scientists whose one of the field is Mathematics ?
Twin cities 400 is operated by what city, which is the birthplace of Leona Baumgarter?
How many people currently play for the NYC FC?
In how many other states do people live, whose languages are spoken in Nebraska?
Name the alma mater of Michael hahn ?
What is the mascot of the unit whose garrison is Canberra ?
List the governers of Jimmie Lou Fisher?
How many people have played for a club whose coach is Fred Hoiberg?
Who discovered Callisto ?
which politician is currently ruling over Rishkiesh?
Where is Carmel Winery?
Does the little colorado river flow in the Grand Canyon?
Name the architect of Marine Corps Air Station Kaneohe Bay ?
How many different organizations own the railway lines which are a part of Norfolk Southern Railway?
Name the parts of the settlements which has New Braunfels as one of the parts ?
Which shows had their painters born in England?
Which mountain is located in inyo National Forest and has a parent peak named Nevado de Toluca ?
Which awards have been given to both Ingmar Bergman and Charles LeMaire?
Which office holder's resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has governor named Charles Willing Byrd?
Where was the movie after Khiladi 786 recorded?
Who are the politicians whose death place is Ontario?
Which statesman is married to Dolley Madison?
How many theme musics have been composed by Julian Gingell?
Name the monarch of L Buwei ?
Name the musician who was given label by Celluloid Records and has been associated with Africa'70 ?
What is the stylistic origin of Wizard rock ?
List the fields of the scientists with Sanskrit as one of the interest ?
Of all the teams that Andrew Economos played for, which one did Jerrel Jackson play his first game for?
What are the movies whose director's daughter is Luke Scott?
Is Mona Lisa in the Louvre museum?
Was A foreign policy on freedom covered by John Trumbull?
List the other members of the band of which Juelz Santana is a part?
Give me a count of everything made by the company which offers electronical manufacturing too.
How many games have been composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
Who are the tenants of the stadium where the UFC 140 is located?
Which kmascot od seneca Academy is also the species of The Fox and the Cat ?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation place is Washington, D.C.?
What  awards did the cast members of Gods of Egypt win?
Where can I find people whose hometown is Ann Arbour in Michigan?
What is the former team of the Athens borned basketball players ?
In which city is the hub airport of Club One Air?
Where did the relatives of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla study?
For how many things are americans famous for?
Who is the successor of McDonnell Douglas ?
What is the publisher of Lucifer's Hammer ?
List the origin of the weapons which were used in the American Revolutionary War.
Purnima Banerjee and Rishang Keishing are politicians of what party ?
Which show's theme music composer's label is MapleMusic Recordings?
Was Apollo 11 a mission of Niel Armstrong?
List the former team of the american football players born in Pennsylvania ?
Is the charat district a district in peru?
Which company founded by Fusajiro Yamauchi gives service as Nintendo Network?
Richard Gant did a guest appearance on which series?
How many things belong to a division of plant kingdom?
What is that show whose theme was composed by Joel Goodman?
Is the College Sainte Marie in Mauritius?
What is the field of the Jon Speelman and occupation of the Karen Grigorian?
What are the countries for which History of Trier principal to?
List the uni. having affiliation with Graham Holding Company and have a campus in Iowa ?
Where was Antonio Giannini born?
What movies have been produced by the production house owned by Larry J. Franco?
Give me all tv shows which are based in boston and massachusetts?
What is the death location of the scientist who is the known authority of Hallopus ?
CN Atletic-Barceloneta has a stadium in Barcelona?
What are some non fiction subjects dealt with in fantasy novels?
Which companies have launched a rocket from Cape Canaveral Air Force station?
Is the Frank R Lillie House has the Chicago architecture?
Name everyone working for a company owned by Roman Abramovich.
 Who astronaut from NASA was on the mission of Apollo 11?
Name the profession of Oamr D Conger for which Jack Ryan was also nominated ?
Where were Micheal Santos and Wendy Jaquet born?
Name the show formed by J. Michael Stroczynski and had network as TNT ?
Which office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial park and has adrian A. Basora as successor ?
Name the movie written by Monty Python and has music composer as Geoffrey Burgon ?
Which politicians died in cities built by the Roman emperor Charles 5?
In how many different places can I find companies which were founded in toronto?
What are some relatives of the spouse of Uncle henry from Oz?
List the outflows of the lake which has Benu river as one of it ?
List the people who were the first one to climb a mountain in California?
Ford Air Transport Service and Falcon cobra are both owned by which company?
Name the sitcom with theme music composer as Julian Gingell and channel as Fox Broadcasting Company?
Give a list of all the labels that have jazz fusion artists signed up with them?
Which college has been attended  by both Mr. Hubert Wiggs and Mr. Alvin Bell?
What is the mascot of Blytheville High School ?
Which composer of Girl from the North Country is the subsequent work of the Moondog Matinee?
What is the subject of the book which preceded Sagan's Cosmos?
In which television shows has Eliza Schneider given her voice?
Who wrote Catch My soul ?
What are some islands in the bahamas?
In which state does the ambassador who is in related with J Bennett Johnston live?
Where were the sportsmen born, who started their careers with Homestead Grays?
Which hometown of pavel Moroz is also the palace of birthplace of Helena of Moscow ?
Who are the cast members of The Simpsons Ride?
Name the organization which developed iPhone OS and the XNU?
How many awards have the french people received?
How many bacterias have taxonomy as Bacillales and domain as Bacteria? 
Which state's largest city is Omaha?
Where is the constituency of John Smith Griffin ?
Is Wahoo! the previous work of Honeybuns?
Who is the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth ?
Who is the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
List few authors whose education took place in Saint Petersburg ?   
Who are the people who influenced the writers of Evenor ?
Which cities of the American Mediterranean Sea has Nickname Entronque de Herradura?
On how many subjects has Random house publishers published books?
List the associated musical artist of the current members of Al Bano and Romina Power?
Which settlement's neighboring municipalities are Cologny and Pregny-Chambsy?
Who is the writer of The Sandman (Vertigo) ?
Who has a  child named Lori Black and is resting place as Palo Alto, California?
Which military unit's  garrison is Pentagon and command structure is United States Department of Defense?
List the primary  subjects of A Christian Turn'd Turk?
What awards have been given to the writers of Wallace and Gromit?
Is Labor relations the main interest of Karl Marx?
Over which rivers, does a cable stayed bridge exists?
Name some Texas based companies ?
Name the president served by a lieutenant who succeeded Bob C Riley.
Who were some governmental heads in Nazi Germany?
Name the tiemzone of Banlung ?
Name all the doctoral student of the scientist who also supervised Mary Ainsworth ?
Where did the wrestler die who was billed in Norman, Oklahoma?
Which football teams is Shahid Khan proprietor to?
What sports are there at the universities affiliated to the National Capital Region Athletic Association?
Who all have rented the stadium whose architect is Populous?
Which US city can be said to be a part of american mediterranean sea and the biscayne bay?
Did Dean Wurzberger manage a club at the santa clara university?
How many dishes are made with an ingredient belonging to the flowering plant species?
Who are the managers of clubs participating in the 2014-2015 Football League Championship?
Bridges over which rivers are made of Wrought Iron?
What is the allegiance of Albert Kwesi Ocran ?
How many people have headed organizations headquartered at Niederkirchnerstrae?
What are some seas inside europe ?
What are the notable works of the person who produced Queer as Folk?
Who was the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2008 Summer Olympics  Men's 400 metre individual medley ?
Did stan lee narrate the incredible hulk tv show?
What academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism is also the record label of the Double Diamond (album)?
How many states does the Pioneer corporation operate in?
Name the debut team of Butch Metzger ?
Whose doctoral student is etienne bieler\xc9tienne_Bi\xe9ler
What countries used Solidus as currency?
Which parent company of  Edsel was the first team of the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix ?
Who was in conflicts of Fort Barrancas and Gadsden?
Name some cars similar to the ones which are assembled at the Jefferson North Assembly?
Which licensee of the WRVU is also the alma mater of the Todd J. Campbell ?
What team did Joe Porter and Eddie Anderson play for?
Which borough of the Corringham railway station is also the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Which band had the members of The Conglomerate, and has made 'Before I let you go'?
Name the fictional character whose species is American Pekin duck and has relatives named Ludwig Von Drake?
Who is the governor of Carl McCall ?
Where can I find things run by the maritime museum of San Diego?
Which engine's successor's predecessor is BMW M10?
List the movies directed by Stanley Kubrick?
What team were the people drafted to, which are in the National Hockey League?
Which key person of maryland jockey club is the appointer of Joseph Clay ?
Who developed the software for the operating system of Macintosh Quadra 660AV ?
From what american football teams did Carlos Emmons play?
Who are the employer of Don R. Berlin?
Is Peter Crouch currently in the Stoke City FC?
Whose provides the service of  Outlook and also products  such as Visual Studio?
Which source of broad creek is the Audenried tunnel located ?
Is the Mount St Peter Church made in the international architectural style?
What woman acted in the mating habits of earthbound humans and is often associated with Mams taylor?
How many other Guests are there of the television episodes whose Guests is Brian d'Arcy James ?
Who is the writer of He's a Pirate ?
Which movies have their music composed by someone that signed up with RCA Records?
Was the cover of The adventures of Tom Sawyer designed by Mark Twain?
What games are played at institutions affiliated with the international association of universities?
What is the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
Who is known for are War of 1812 and Battle of the Thames?
Which philosophy journal has compiler as Stephen Law ?
Which military conflict took place in Israel and had commander as Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Who served a vice president buried in United First Parish Church?
Where is the fictional character from, whose last appearance was in the Avengers, 1998?
Which idelogy of the Palang Dharma Party is also the  faith of Miao people ?
List the movies produced by Michael Deeley ?
Where does Dennis DeConcini and Scott Berkun both live?
Where did Louis chevrolet die ?
Is Bacillus belong to the domain Bacteria?
What is the affiliation of Lumbini Bauddha University ?
What is the name of the characters created by Frank Miller?
Count the total number of software whose programming language is C++ and operating system is Microsoft Windows?
What is the total number of politicians whose predecessor's deputy is Jenny Macklin?
How many managers have managed Middlesbrough FC?
Among which basket ball team having arena as The Palace of Auburn hills has president as Stan Van Gundy ?
Give me a count of bridges located in California ?
What are the sports played by the universities who also plays taekwondo ?
Who all are buried in Arlington national cementary?
Name the office holder whose spouse is Dolley Madison and belongs to Militia branch ?
To which country do the players of Waitakere United belong?
How many different genres led to other genres where drums are important?
Is Trevor Peacock the narrator of Fred Claus?
Which river's mouth location is Laptev Sea and also Arctic Ocean?
List all the bands which have members of the band Guy in them?
List the opponents of the relatives of Thomas Helwys?
Gamini Seneviratne and Katyayana are two followers of which religion?
Who are the predecessors of John Randolph of Roanoke?
Was A Jitney Elopement edited by Charlie Chaplin?
What team did J P Paris was former team of Bert McCaffrey play for?
What is the river that falls into North Sea and Thames Estuary?
How many companies were founded in Dallas?
Name the ones who debuted in the San Francisco 49ers.
Which county seat of the King County, Washington and PLACE OF DEATH of the Phil Lumpkin ?
Who all have appointed governess born in Magnolia Plantation gardens?
Humes High School is alma mater to which person?
Which range of mountains are there in canton of Fribourg?
Which species' members are there in the animal kingdom?
Was Henry Knox a major general?
What company made the front row and distributed big top ballet?
What is the nation of the Major All Stars Season 1 and Pioneer Corporation ?
Which HBO's television series was produced by Erik Bork?
List all the record label distributed by the distributor of Zune ?
What made Jon Speelman and Eric Schiller famous?
Which stadium is owned by the team whose manager is Dimitris Terezopoulos?
Name the television show which was developed by Brian Graden and distributed by Comedy Central?
From how many countries did the aeroplanes designed by Alexander Lippisch originate?
Fairfield, Connecticut is hometown to which persons?
Do the White Plains Road lie in the Bronx county?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Padm Amidala as family ?
Name presidents of the schools which have queen noor of Jordan as one of them ?
How many bands are signed up with Kobalt Label Services?
Was 12th Field Artillery Regiment garrisoned at colorado?
Name the office holder who has a child named Lori Black and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
What is the area of Tar Heel Sports Network ?
Which office holder's  military branch is Continental Army and vice president is John Adams?
What are the television shows which are in NTSC and 5.1 surround sound?
What nation is the motherland of Ricardo Alfonso Cerna  where Apostolic Vicariate of El Petn is located?
What are some games availible on nintendo's virtual console?
Name the television program voiced by Isaac Hayes and aired on Comedy Central?
Chestnut colored horses have won which races?
Where did the film director of Kala Pani die?
What show had NTSC format and theme music composed by  Ron Grainer?
Who has fought in the conflicts around the Mississippi river?
Which leader of united states house representatives election was married to Dolley Madison ?
To which county of New York city does the Tremount Avenue street belong?
What are the death place of the models whose hair color was Red?
To which region does the Miluk language belong?
What is the Ceremonial County of Port of Tilbury ?
What is the war in which both K Fordice and P Fitzwallace fight?
Name the part of Liverpool city region >
What is the television show whose sculptor is C. E. Webber and composed by Murray Gold?
Who created the world series of Poker?
What are the source of the streams whose one of the source is Calera, Oklahoma?
What is the game platform of Google Cloud Connect ?
Which fictional character's relatives were made by Ted Osborne?
Who are the stars of the movies which are distributed by Artisan Entertainment ?
Count the different religions followed by Second Lieutenants in military.
List softwares written in C++ and runs on Mac OS ?
Name the river mouth of Moordener Kill ?
Which partner of the Tim Mathieson is also the primeminister of the Mike Kelly (Australian politician) ?
List the producer of the TV shows whose company is HBO.
What is the television show whose company is Playtone and written by Erik Jendresen?
Which ancient country had capital as Nicomedia and History of Trier?
In which races did the horses of Mon Capitaine take part?
Which TV show's writer is Erik Jendresen and distributor is HBO?
What railway lines go through the stations maintained by Western Australian Public Transport Authority?
How many publisher have been founded by american citizens?
How many other region served are there of the companies which serves  Pacific Ocean ?
Name the sitcoms whose network's owning company is Chris-Craft Industries?
How many countries surround the sea into which the Upper Neratva flow?
How many rivers end in the Indian Ocean?
Name the home town of Rolando Gomez ?
Who is owner of the soccer club which owns the Cobham Training Centre?
What is the common genere of Abhijit Kunte and Kasparov ?
List some things that Swedish people have become famous for?
Is Esther Alder the mayor of Geneva?
Which shows have voices from people signed up with ABC Records?
Is National Archaeological Museum (Florence) the museum of Chimera of Arezzo?
Cleopatra V of Egypt is father to which royalty?
Which sucessor of George Madison is the sucessor of levi Lincoln, Sr. ?
Give me some TV stations whose network's main language is American English?
Who is the President of the United World College of Costa Rica and United World Colleges ?
How many artists' works are in Muse d'Orsay?
Whose wife is a presenter at WWE?
What are some cars which came before the ones on a GM B base?
Give me a count of everything owned by the network whose sister name is The CW?
Whichd officer's final resting place is North Bend, ohio and belongs to Indiana Territory branch 
What sporting goods companies are located in Herzogenaurach?
Name the commander of Battle of the Thames ?
Name the sports played by Fr. Agnel Multipurpose School and Junior College?
What program is  presented by Brian Dunkleman and has artist as Simon Fuller?
What are some districts in the Tendring borough?
What is the base currency of the Benelux which can be used in Republic of Montenegro?
What is the alma mater of Julian Leow Beng Kim?
Is Eddie Bravo the trainer of Alan Jouban
How many awards have been given to the participants of the Lawrence Realization Stakes?
What religion is followed by the commander of Defense Security Command?
Who won the general elections in India in 2009, and had also won the AP elections in 2004 ?
List the work  edited by  Mark Stevens and directed by Joel Schumacher?
Name some local authorities of schools which have a mixed gender education system?
Which president of William Eustus also married to Dolley Madison ?
Count the different types of Flatbread ?
Count the birthplaces of recepients of the National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame.
Name the serving line of Daund Junction railway station?
What is the county seat of the district through which the Beckler River flows?
What is the television show whose judges is Randy Jackson?
How many companies serve the Australian region?
How many teams was Garry Unger in, previously?
What is the name of the television show whose company is Paramount Television and theme music composer is Gary Portnoy?
How many writers worked on the album Main Course?
List the popular works of the author of Luther: The Calling ?
Which were the philosophers whose primary interest was Natural philosophy?
Was the FIS Alpine World Ski Championship of 1950 held in Colorado?
Which wine region of Bogdanua is the Croatian Inline hockey team part of ?
What is the place of death of the royalties one of whose parents was Adam Ludwik Czartoryski?
In which country is the Chapelle Saint-Louis de Carthage located ?
where did the office holder died  who is successor to Elmer Burkett ?
What things canonized John of Damascus and and also venerated the Edwin of Northumbria ?
What is the common award won by geoffrey Rush and Laemmle Theatres ?
What is the total number of other restingplace of the politicians whose one of the restingplace is East Norwalk Historical Cemetery?
Who were the pole drivers in GP when Damon hill was a first driver?
How many albums were released under the Victor Entertainment label?
To which company is Michael Dell a father company? 
What is the source location of Thornton Creek ?
To which company does Raymond Conner is critical to?
From where does the river start, which flows into the Conowingo dam?
Who appointed the successor of Charles Pinckney ?
What is the associated band of the musical artist who is the producer of The Trumpet Kings Meet Joe Turner ?
Name the home town of Cline Buckens ?
List the music played in television episode which came after The Colonel (The Americans) ?
Which university provides license for WRVU ?
Name the basketball player who played for Phoenix Suns and Los Angeles Clippers was his draft team?
Who are the spouse of the parents of Kimberly Stewart?
What have some famous Christians died of?
Who is the mayor of the city under which is the constituency of Zora Singh Maan?
What are Breann McGregor and Anika Knudsen, both known for?
Name a scientist whose official residence is Cape Town and also won a gold medal at the Royal Astronomical Society ?
In how many places can I find tombs of people who fought in the Norwalk Trainband?
Does GeneWeb have the GPL license?
What is the location of Dad's Root Beer on Google maps?
Is Darcs released with a GNU license?
What is the district of Fort Heath radar station ?
How many saints have been venerated in Judaism?
List down all the bands to which the writers of 03 Bonnie & Clyde are associated?
How many people are famous for the Gibson Les Paul?
What municipalities are adjacent to Chne-Bougeries?
Who is the founder of Oprah Winfrey Network (U.S. TV channel) ?
What is the alma mater of the Angela Trusty and Charles Ayres?
List all the wine regions of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Mississippi ?
Which river originates from Cape Vincent and Kingston, Ontario?
Name the office holder whose theatre is Siege of Fort Recovery and belongs to Indian territory branch ?
For which clubs do the players of Azam F.C. play for?
What are the mammals whose phylum is Chordate?
Where did Doug Walgren and Lee Si Chen study?
Give me an estimate of the number of manufacturers whose products are managed by MTR?
How many artists play as Rickenbacker?
Who are the associated musical artist of Carolyn Dennis?
Which citys mayor is anne hidalgo?
In which states are there bridges over the Pequea Creek?
How many ingedients are required to make the Ragout Fin?
List the people whose are in the board of an organization kickstarted in New York.
Tell me the number of writers whose works have been recorded in Criteria Studios?
Under which archipelago does Canary Islands fall?
name the home stadium of FC Spartak Moscow season 2011-12
Name a company with one of the key person as Edwin Catmull and produces RenderMan?
How many owners are there of lines starting at the South Station?
What are some musicians who have worked with Dean Ambrose?
Count all those who've played for the youth club which owns the Rosario, Santa Fe stadium.
What are the television shows whose company is Playtone?
In which city are the schools whose district is Mumbai Suburban?
How many people currently play for Stoke City F.C.?
Among the countries using Aureus as currency which had Nicomedia as an important place ?
What are the outflow of the lakes which also has one of the outflow as Congo River ?
Whose tomb is in cities under Dane County of Wisconsin?
How many cars succeeded the cars which were similar to Cadillac Fleetwood?
Was the body of Elsie Paroubek discovered in Chicago?
In how many languages did Marika Gombitova sing?
How many railway lines go through the station maintained by Public transport authority of western australia?
Count the different number of academic areas covered by publications of SAGE?
What are the political parties whose leaders have lived in the Prime Minister's House?
Who currently operates the railway lines one of whose stockholder is Chicago, St Paul, Minneapolis and Omaha railway?
In which city is the distributor of Jeevan Mrityu located ?
How many services does the company who made Onedrive provide?
Count the different religions practiced by people who are in the Malaysian and Chinese association.
List all those whose relatives' nationality is United States.
What is the genre of Battle Chess?
President of Ghana is the leader title of which country?
Whose associate is Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus and has predecessor as Lucius Cornelius Lentulus Crus?
What is the style of architecture of Pontiac Building ?
Which basketball players have played in the league of National Basketball Association?
Is Michelle D. Johnson the superintendent of United States Air Force Academy?
Eric roth wrote how many screenplays?
Whihc alma mater of angela Trusty is also the training center of David Scherman ?
Who were the opponents of the people buried in the tower of London?
What is the record label of the Next Thing and also the  label of the The Producers (2005 film)?
Which country were the associates of Hilda Duhalde from?
Name the line of the Vadodara Junction railway station which is also the  hub airport of the Pawan Hans?
Name the scientist who become the part of Royal Society and had academic advisor as Karl Ewald Hasse?
Where is the tombstone of the successor of Edward Wolcott?
In how many places did the Schutzstaffels die?
How many members are there of the organization headquartered at Amstelveen?
Name the scientist who was the winner of Royal Society award and had Georg Meissner as his doctoral advisor ?
What are the nearest city to the historic places whose one of the nearest city is Wisconsin?
Who is the producer of Captain EO ?
List the subjects of the books whose one of the topics is Pau Broca ?
Where did the conflict take place in which Henri Putz fought?
Where did the aristocrats die whose mother was Maria Ludwika Krasiska?
Is NY Rangers a prospective team for Robin Kovacs?
Is the Columbia University chaired by William Campbell?
Which company manufactures cars like the Opel Karl ?
Who are the major stockholders of the bank which is the company of Bloomberg Markets ?
List all crafts of the people whose one of the profession is Kingdom of Naples ?
Name a colonel whose resting place is Montpelier ?
What are some developers which use Emacs Lisp in their projects?
Whose deputy was Franz von Papen?
Current players of Colorado Avalanche have previously played for how many different teams?
List the books whose authors are in Alcal de Henares.
Name the common current team of the Shaun Thong and Kaannder ?
Who is the stockholder of Paphos International Airport ?
To which counties do Jerome avenue and Tremont avenue belong?
Give me the total number of architect of the buildings whose one of the  architect was Louis D. Astorino?
Which basketball team's president studied in the Brockport Golden Eagles?
In which races does Coneygree compete?
What awards have been given to some screenwriters?
List the saints venerated in Islam having major shrine as Tomb of Joshua ?
Which tema did Dough Acomb played for which is also the drafty team of Dale Mitchell ?
List the total number of executive producer of TV show which have one of the executiive producer as Steven Moffat ?
Whose songs are Tickle Me and Viva Las Vegas?
Name all those whose spouses have performed with Tony Bennett?
Name the company who owns HBO division?
How many religions have the relatives of waxiangs followed?
For which team does Ramiro Pea play ?
What are the books written by the the person who made the Novelas ejemplares?
Count the total number of battles fought by the military people which fought in Levant ?
Matthew kane and Park rankin are citizens of which country?
How many subjects have been covered in fantasy novels?
What is the television show whose theme music is by Primus?
What was created by Larry David and Jerry Seinfeld?
Was Let it Be written by Ringo Starr?
which person created the women in the garden?
Who is the composer of Girl from the North Country ?
What is the county seat of the county which has an Evergreen High School?
Which wars were fought by the commander whose deputy was Robert T. Herres?
Through which states does the road go, which has a junction on Keningston Maryland?
What did the people buried in Toronto die of?
List the main ingredient of Pizza-ghetti ?
List the work institute of the medicians who has also worked at University of Miami ?
How many people have trained the wrestlers who were billed in Wisconsin?
Which country did the prime minister belong to who was served by Thanong Bidaya ?
What faith do hang chuon naron and Kron Ngoy follow?
Which company ownes stock in Dagenham turbines and Ford Motor credit?
Which shareholder of Dagenham wind turbines is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra?
List the awards won by the cinematographer of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
tell me the school to which Cyril Hume went?
where did Boga originate?
Who is the singer of the album which has a song Me and My arrow ?
In how many different places can I fnd Modern Architectural buildings?
Which sports are played in the alma mater of Habib Boromand Dashghapu?
What are the houses of Parliament Security Services ?
Count the  origin of the beverages which have been originated in england /
Count the number of people became famous for when Andrew Jackson was a commander ?
Who is the incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign of 2000 ?
Of the places where Kurt Vonnegut Memorial Library exists, where did Louis LeCocq die?
What is the college of the basketball player who lives in Ashton Historic district?
During the reigns of which monarchs was the name to the  Israelite kingdom as United Monarch?
What is the person known for who is the movie director of Sleepy-Time Squirrel ?
What is the title of the successor of Kaulahea I ?
Name the river passing through Reading Berkshire and has mouth place at Essex ?
Which nation is the origin of Dornier Aerodyne ?
Name some politicians buried in a place near Orange Virginia?
Which writer of Tales of Suspense is also the writer of karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Which type of  building is Qun Thnh Temple ?
Who is the artist of the album which has the song I Can't Change the World ?
Which city is the route start of the Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway and birth place of the Ilya Savelev ?
List TV shows with producer as Erik Bork and company is DreamWorks Television ?
Which mountain range is the one with Ponte d'Aveneyre and Le Gibloux?
In which cities do some railways operated by Russian railways start?
Collaborators of Demis Roussos have composed music for which movies?
In how many places are the tombs of everyone who died in England?
Where did the people beatified by Pope Pius X die?
Name all the venues of the convention which has also been hosted in San Diego Convention ?
Brian Dunkleman is the presenter of what TV show?
What are the movies whose distributor's headquarters is New York?
Count the different genres of music made by Argentinian bands?
What beverage was launched by Ferrero SpA?
How many famous people are from the Filipinos?
How many people have managed a club which owns the Riverside Stadium?
Who had  Joe Purcell and Winston Bryant as lieutenants ?
Who was the parent of person whose child is William C P breckinridge?
Where are the burial grounds of Willem Cornelis Janse van Rensburg and Thomas Franois Burgers?
Was George Cash in the western australian parliament?
Through which states does the stream ending at Saunders county go?
What are the school mascots in Blytheville school district?
Which country has the Carmel Winery and the Teperberg 1870 winery ?
Name the TV show broadcasted by Fox and presented by Ryan Seacrest ?
Count the religions followed by people living in British Columbia.
List some teammates of Ndonga Mianga?
List the characters of Lysistrata ?
Is Joe Schilling the trainer of Nick Diaz?
Which TV shows distributor is Broadcast syndication and developed by Brian Graden ?
In how many districts is there a borough called tendring?
What games are played at universities in Lanao Del Sur?
For everyone who died in paris, count their different fields of work.
What is the award won of the scientists known for Cubic Hermite spline?
What is the meaning of Heydar ?
Which composer subsequent work of Moondog Matinee and also composed The TImes They are A changin ?
On how many different grounds were seasons chaired by Ronaldo held?
Sentinel High School  team is known as ?
Sampson Cudjoe plays for the Ghana national team?
Where does the publisher of Kathimerini live?
Name the basketball team which is coached by Louis Dunbar and has president as Jeff Munn ?
Give me a count of all ice hockey players whose teams are headcoached by John Tortorella?
Which draft team of bob Macmillan is also the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin ?
How many leagues have used the O.co Coliseum?
What is the common palce of study for jack McGregor and Philip W. Pillsbury ?
Under which president did Loretta Ucelli and Ann Lewis hold an office?
What team did the players start their careers with, who right now play for Fleisher Yarn?
What sports are played at institutes affiliated by the Association of Southeast Asian Institutes of Higher Learning?
Where did the people die who were known for Young Life?
Who are the chancellors of universities which is affiliated with Plymouth University?
Does Lionel Messi play in the Argentina National Football Team?
Which awards did the narrator of Oscar and Lucinda win?
What is the musical whose music is by Jose Luis Narom,  based upon?
Is the Providence Chapel, Charlwood made in New English style of architecture?
Which workplace of the Michael M. Sears is also the  governing body of the Burro Flats Painted Cave?
Who was on the boards of Freedom of the City and Royal Society?
Who are the people which ITV(TV network) has employed?
What is the broadcast area of WBCQ (SW) ?
What religion did the president follow which was served by Kang Young-hoon?
Which kind of buildings are found in England?
In which state is the team, which has John Roeslein?
Which awards has been given to both michel hazanavicius and geoffrey rush?
Give me the count of all people who ascented a peak in California?
List the total number of regions of the building whose are located in\Grand Forks Air Force Base?
Is Halyna Kukhar the former coach of Stanislav Morozov?
Rickenbacker is a musical instrument played by which artists?
List down all the associcated musical artist of the artist of In a Word or 2 ?
List the home town of the people who have Ontario as one of it ?
Joe Shuster has created how many comics character ?
Which currency is primarily used by the company which is the distributing label of VDE-Gallo Records?
Name whose youth club was FC Barcelona ?
Which awards did the writer of Persona win ?
What is the highschool of the american football player who joined the Robert Morris Colonials program?
Was the Army Air Corps honored for the battle of Iraq?
How many awards have graduates from the University of Queensland earned?
Which artist was taught by Jos Ruiz y Blasco?
What is the location of Sam Sen Railway Station ?
Which ground of 2016 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season is the palce of birth of Kaitlyn Ashley ?
Which minister was responsible for Kriminalpolizie?
Which TV show produced by Paramount Television and is located in Massachusetts ?
Name the sea located near Europe and has a nearby city as Rostock ?
What ingredients are used in preparing the dish of Ragout fin?
What is the former partner of the figure skaters whose current partner is Alexa Scimeca?
In how many nations does Rhaetian Railways own train stations?
Does Saneh Lungkeaw play for the Thailand's national team?
Which company released the software RenderMan?
In which cities are there american football teams where Matt Snorton played?
Which country's national motto is "Truth prevails"?
What is the homeport of INS Viraat (R22) ?
What is the largest city of the country where P. Sathyanarayanan was born?
Which county of Tremont Avenue is also the birht place of Ron Galotti ?
Where was William anthony trained ?
Which parent organization of Get TV also owns the Galleria ?
Name the wine regions of Bogdanua ?
What is the resting place of the child of Linda Lee Cadwell?
Which board game can be said as a mind based game?
Where are the philosophers from, whose main work is on the matter of feminism in Canada?
What are the things built by Eristoff ?
What is the official residence of Sarah Kazemy ?
What are shows whose theme music composer's home town is New York?
Name the university whose affiliations's foundation is in Washington, D.C.?
Who was the coach of 1972 Oakland Raiders season ?
Whcih land of Citi Trends is also the constituency of Malik Al-Hassan Yakubu ?
Which TV show's composer is Judy  Hart  Angelo and executive producer as Glen and Les Charles?
Where did they debut their careers , those who have played for US men's national soccer team?
What are on the borders of Shimsa Plateau?
What is the former team of the american football players whose position is Running back?
Which creator of Theme Time Radio Hour has also given the  musical score of the The Times They Are a-Changin' (musical)?
How many different kinds of games are published by Interplay Entertainment?
What other awards have been given to Goya Award Winners?
How many other important work has been done by the writers of Sarah Jane Adventures?
Race horses whose grandsire is Wild  Risk have taken part in which races?
Who are the tenants of the stadium which is a venue of WCW Mayhem ?
Which coach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team is also the head coach  of Virginia Tech Hokies men's basketball team ?
Which are the races in which Martin Molony participated?
With what company is the service OneDrive associated?
Where common region are soylent and bannock sold?
What awards have been given to citizens of the Ottoman Empire?
List the science fiction shows broadcasted on BBC HD ?
Who is the person opposed  by Tom McLaury and Ike Clanton?
List the products of Playboy Enterprises?
Name the  former broadcast network of the television station which is the sister stations of WGBC?
What is the country of the Hirth Acrostar and the Cobra missile?
What  is the Nickname of Daniel O'Regan ?
Who owns the websites for which Jimmy wales writes?
What are the bridges whose located in California?
Which settelment area is the home town of the Danny Felice and Cline Buckens?
Who were the head of government agencies working in the German occupied Europe?
Name the companies which are in cities under Denzil Minnan Wong?
What is the largest city of the birthplace of Pat Kirkwood?
Which source of Water resources management in El Salvador is also the nation of the Sierra del Merendn?
What is the academic journal whose editor is Stephen Law?
What awards have the alumni of Academy of Fine Arts in Lodz achieved?
Name the members of youth clubs which have Camp Nou as their homeground.
Does mumbai manage the railway line going to the daund railway junction?
Which musical artist associated with Tony Allen has label with Celluloid Records ?
Who are some basketball players who played for Phoenix Suns?
Which relative of George Madison was the leader of United States House of Representatives elections, 1788 and 1789 ?
From how many works is the musical derived, whose lyrics are written by Sheldon Harnick?
Which office holder allegiance is Colony of Virginia and was has a wife named Dolley Madison ?
Was Derg the anthem of Ethopia?
Employees of Ottawa Citizen have come from which towns?
How many non-fiction subject are there of the books whose one of the non-fiction subject is Ankh-Morpork City Watch ?
Who is the licensee of EXXV-TV ?
Who are in the board of Jimmy Wales ?
Where were some people associated with Steve Winwood employed at?
What is the origin of the musical artist whose associated band is Ziggi Recado ?
Who is the nominee of Jack Ryan ?
Which division of Serbia national team is also the region of Dobinsk Ice Cave ?
Name the royalty whose spouse was Cleopatra V of Egypt and one of his parent was Ptolemy XII Auletes?
List the major shrines of Jovan Vladimir?
Name some shows whose company is owned by the CBS Corporation?
Which famous person is born in Marlboro Township, New Jersey?
In which countries have the Start + Flug aircrafts originated?
How many other family of the mammals exists  whose family is also Hominidae ?
What is the former team of the football player who is the coach of 2006 Oakland Raiders season ?
How many  TV shows were made by someone who was associated with Lewis Hamilton?
For how many other teams have the former players of Boston Bruins played?
Which things have been made by artists who died in Midhurst?
What are the TV shows whose network is also known as the CW?
How many other important things has the painter of Sarah Jane Adventures done?
Which founder of sea Gayle Music is also the judge of Rising Star ?
Who owns the ford kansas assembly plant?
What is the label of I Pray on Christmas ?
List the destination of Novair International Airways ?
Who is the spouse of Willian Menalaus?
Count the number of actors in Lucy Sullivan Is Getting Married.
What mammals are classified into Diprotodontia ?
The Other Side has hosted how many guests?
Name the river with source as Columbia Lake and river mouth is located in Clatsop Country ?
Is Dave Schulz a band member of Berlin?
What are the airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
what are some famous people out of the Filipinos?
What awards were presented to the person who produced Paradise place?
What is the location town of Seattle Great Wheel ?
List all the line of Vadodara Junction railway station?
Name the college of Jon Curran ?
Which Tim Birton's movie has a screenplay by Daniel Waters ?
Who produces the tv series which made Scott Haran famous?
What is the place of birth of the jockey who breeded De La Rose ?
Name the Artist of Madagascar: Operation Penguin ?
What are some devices made by Taiwanese companies?
Harry Huston and Dick Spalding played their first match for which team?
What is the layout of Subaru Legacy (second generation) ?
How many other wine region are there of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan ?
Name the office holder whose constituency are Duboce Triangle and Haight-Ashbury ?
Estimate the number of sports divisions at the universities under international association of universities.
What is the leader of the government agency which is the military unit of Erich Kempka ?
What is the alma mater of the senator who is the successor of Warren Magnuson ?
Is Eddie Bravo the trainer of Shinya Aoki?
List the battles in which alumni of US Army Command and General Staff College fought?
Which writer of Alan Freeman Days is also the writer of Come On over ?
Name the subsidary of Tandem Computers which was founded by Jim Harris ?
Count all the books written by an author buried in the Convent of Barefoot Trinitarians?
Name the city with leader as Esther Alder and neighboring municipality as Pregny-Chambsy?
Was Blade Runner cinematographed by JordanCronenweth?
Panthera leo fossils and Liger belong to which species?
Name the street address of Rhodes-Haverty Building ?
Who were the commanders during the events which took place in Sandusky County, Ohio?
Who founded the city where Pat Vincent die?
Name the kingdom with currency Solidus (coin) and administrative headquarters in Nicomedia?
Which company has a product named Visual Studio and One Drive as service ?
Name the river whose mouth place is Old Lyme, Connecticut?
Which division of the Runewaker Entertainment is also the  destinations of the Airtours International Airways?
Which show's network is Prime time Entertainment and has Douglas Netter as executive producer ?
Who was the president under which a tennis player held office before John W. Weeks?
What are the things whose leader was a monarch of Willem-Alexander of the Netherlands?
acer nigrum is used in making what?
Name the prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin ?
What is the predecessor of BMW M40 ?
Which cities are located around the sea into which the ionian flows?
Did Joe Namath did his highschool in Beaver Falls High School?
Where do the railroads owned by the Chicago and Northwestern Transportation company begin?
Give me a count of mammals which have their order as Primate?
What television show are distributed by Broadcast syndication?
Who was the president under which people won the United States House of Representatives elections in 1790 ?
Which TV show's producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is DreamWorks Television?
Which river originate from limerick?
Who is the opponent of United States House of Representatives elections in Ohio, 2010 ?
Laozi authored which book?
What are some other children of the father of Marvin Bush?
Rivers from which countries flow into the Caspian?
Which is the nearest city to Elliott Bay ?
In which sects were the aristocrats included, who were buried in Westminister abbey?
Name the saint whose major shrine is in Canada and was canonized by Pope Benedict XVI?
who was the australian flagbearer of 2008 Summer Olympics?
Which vice president of Warren G. Harsing is also the president of Evans Hughes ?
Who is the manager of the club whose homeground is the riverside stadium?
Does the Utah State Route 162 end at Colorado?
Which recognized title of Frank Thorne is also the product of Playboy Enterprise ?
Whose constituency is Duboce Triangle ?
What is the name of Mary's divine child?
Joe Hahn is the member of what band?
Which team did wolfred McDonald is also the prospect team of Milkhail Pashnin ?
Which companies have launched from the Vandenberg Air Force Air base?
How many home stadiums are there of the seasons whose chairman in Merritt Paulson?
What are some primates?
What is the rank of Julius C. Burrows politically?
Name a few whose live in a place where Indian English is an official language
Count the number of first drivers in all the GPs where Mika Hakkinen was a first driver?
What sports are played at Vishwajyot High School?
BBC Two is the sister channel of networks having which shows?
Who owns a bridge in Boston?
In which fields are both Paul Demiville and Sylvain levi experts?
How many tenats have been there, of the constructions of PCL constructures?
Which non fiction of the Thud is also the field of the Jon Speelman ?
Who was the prime minister of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow and also the editor of British Gazette ?
Name the hockey team whose head coach is Alain Vigneault?
What is the municipality of Patterson Houses ?
Give me a count of everything under the archipelago, where Papeete is the biggest town.
Where does the rivers ending in lake washington begin?
Who all have developed a cross platform software?
where did soccer bowl take place in 76?
What political ideology of the Palang Dharma Party is relegion of Inthakin?
List the cities which share the same water body as that of Florida ?
What is common between genre of battle chess and purpose of New Zealand Chess ?
Is GIMP written in C?
Who is relative of the people died in Bergen-Belsen concentration camp ?
In which state can I find Burr Truss styled bridges?
Which info. appliance is manufactured by Asus and is the predecessor of PS 2?
Which cover artist of the The Adventures of Tom Sawyer also the source of inspiration of The Appple Tree ?
Which university of Alexandre Tichonov is the place of death of Valentin Muratov /
What kind of music is produced at the record label founded by Andre Bourgeois?
What is the place of death of the lieutenant of Frank Steunenberg?
How many titles have been won by the beauty queens which had brown hair?
What are the border of High Desert (Oregon)?
What is the location city of Burnside Distribution Corporation ?
Which country's people work in the Birdman enterprises?
Where is Oskar Blues located ?
Paul Leonard's work can be divided into how many series?
Who  won the Lovelace Medal and the Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
List the sports associated with Mariveles, Bataan?
Which holy places did consider Pope Gregory I as a saint?
Which incumbent of Al Gore presidential campaign wass also the president of Mike McCurry ?
What software is developed by GNOWSYS and is licensed by Frontaccounting?
Which admin center of pulau Ujong is also the largest city of Pulau Ubin ?
What is the parent company of PrivateCore?
Name the scientist whose supervisor was John Robert Woodyard and has won Norbert Wiener Award for Social and Professional Responsibility?
Name the river with mouth palce Essex and source place as Gloucestershire ?
In which province was Dick Redding born?
What awards have been awarded both to Ingmar bergman and James O'Brien?
Count the number of characters of the play whose one of the character is Catwoman ?
Where else did the graduates of the university of west indies study?
Does NOAAS Davidson (S 331) have a homeport in Seattle?
List down the schools whose mascot is an animal from the order of Even toed Ungulates?
Count the number of cities on the Mediterranean Sea?
What non fiction subjects are covered in books by Doubleday publishers?
Name the death location of Judson Huss ?
What are the movies whose musicians's home town is Volos?
What is the affiliation of tani University ?
What is the base currency of Benelux ?
What foundation palce of Temenos Group is the death palce of jerzy Jzef Poocki ?
Give me a count of the services by the company which provides Data center as the services ?
Who discovered Europa and Callisto?
Which company offer service of Outlook.com and OneDrive?
Scientists at the University of Queensland have won which awards?
Which body governs over the place made by the chumash people?
What is the religion of the ethnic group to which the relatives of Waxiang people belong?
Did Alexander Magleby study at the Dartmouth College?
Name the office holder whose constituency is Noe Valley, San Francisco and belongs to military unit USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
Where is the south shore plaza located?
What are the resting places of the associates of John Betts a, Connecticut politician?
Waddy wachtel did the music for what movies?
Was the  2d Command and Control Squadron barracked in Colorado?
Whose military unit is 39th infantry regiment in 1812?
Which boarder country of Korean Peninsula was the state of Sodagreen ?
Spanish harlem incident was composed by whom ?
What sports are played at universities affiliated by States Colleges and Universities athletic association?
EU Broadcasting Union is the owner of the distributor of what?
How many people were drafted in the LA Clippers?
Who is the musical artist worked for labels Celluloid Records and Victor Entertainment?
Which founding cities of Young Americans Bank is also the location of Denver Broncos ?
Which famous physicist was academically advised by Benjamin Pulleyn?
Which prospect team of Robin Kovacs is the draft team of Bob MacMillan ?
Terry Pratchett has written about how many topics?
Which shows theme music is composed by a band which has Larry Lalonde in it?
Which indian party has won the arunachal pradesh elections of 2014, and has been in the 4th legislative assembly?
Who are the former partners of the figure skaters whose performance have been choreographed by Catarina Lindgren in the past?
In how many regions is English American spoken?
Which baseball team is owned by Robert Nutting?
What religion did Gamini Seneviratne follow?
Which fictional character is portrayed by Roger Barton (film editor)?
who are all the people who have managed the England's under 20 soccer team?
Give the name of the river with source place as Australian Alps and has mouth place as Goolwa , a place in Siyuth Australia ?
Where were the doctoral students of James Langer born?
Who has military branches are Colonial troops and Continental Army?
Whose shrine is in aachen cathedral?
What religions do politicians in the Korean Minjoo Party follow?
What are the other band members of the band one of whose current member is Robert De Niro?
Which peak was first scaled by Krzysztof Wielicki?
Give me the total number of Guests of the television episodes whose one of the  Guests is Michael Cristofer?
How many factions were fighting in the wars where Blue Jacket was a commander?
who was the president under which Joe Purcell is a lieutenant?
Which headcoach of Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team, 2008-09 was also the coach of Marquette Golden Eagles team ?
List the state of the universities whose nation is United States ?
What city is the place of birth of Alexander Morozevich which is also the official residence of Dmitri Nossov ?
What is the television show whose executive producer is Steven Peterman?
Which military battles are associated with Israel?
What are some magazines whose publishers are themselves Rock and Roll Hall of Fame members?
What are the veneration of the one for which there's a major shrine in Hebron?
What is the home town of the band which is the artist of Your Ice Cream's Dirty ?
Who is the chancellor of the university which affiliates the Dartington College of Arts?
What is the nationality of Sune Agerschou ?
What is the PLACE OF DEATH of Charles Gordon (artist) ?
Namt the fields of Paul Demiville ?
Which battle is Jim Jones associated with to which Allen Boyd is also associated ?
Who all have been canonized by Pope Paul VI
Where is the tombstone of the congressman who died in the McLean hospital?
What is written in a programming language developed by GNOME Project?
Which race is the  Best Mate is also the race of the Martin Molony?
Where is the building located whose architect was Francis Palmer Smith?
Who operates the bridges designed by Malaysian PWD?
Where was the person born whose successor was Le Hong Phong?
In which race did Coneygree the racehorse and Fergie Sutherland the horse trainer participate?
List all important people of the non profit organization which has Hilary Clinton as a key person ?
List the school of Bobby Skinstad?
Was Lionel Messi a member  of the 2009 FIFA World Cup squads?
Was Writings and Drawings illustrated by Bob Dylan?
Count all the universities who participated in the tournament won by Alabama Crimson Tides in 2015 ?
Was the Lotuspool Records distributed by Napster?
List the base currency of the country whose anthem is Oj, svijetla majska zoro.
What magazine is Marritt Cabal known for which has Lucifer Hammer as publisher ?
Name the parent company of Ford Falcon Cobra ?
How many players are in the San Francisco Giants?
Which place of Geography Club is the location of Seattle Great Wheel ?
How many races has Best Mate won?
Which governor of Charles Willing had a child named John Scott ?
List the relatives of Lyubov Dostoyevskaya ?
What is the military rank of the important commander of Peruvian Army?
Do the west coast airlines fly to seattle?
Which units are garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
In how many different places have ehtics philosophers died?
Who is the fictional character who starred in The Dognapper?
Who is the developer of Dart (programming language) ?
Which house has published books about Jazz?
Which person naratted The Incredible Hulk and also the writer of Tales of Suspense ?
Who are the parents of writers born and bred in Buckinghamshire?
List down the common sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics and lytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig ?
How many companies have built concrete bridges?
How many movies have been directed by almunies of Parsons School of Design?
Count the number of  sport played by the school which also plays Association football ?
Which countries militaries fought the SFOR battle?
List the people died in Hyderabad and are a member of political party ?
What is the american football league whose champion is from Kansas City, Missouri?
How many thesis were supervised by Ernest Rutherford?
Who is the publisher of the comic, one of whose authors is Kentaro Takekuma ?
List the scientists whose doctoral advisor is Ernest Rutherford and are known for Manhattan Project?
Where is the garrison of Western Naval Command ?
What is the political party of the of Bengalis ?
Was John of Damascus canonized by Anglican Communion?
Which city's mayor is married to Jean Marc Germain?
Which person's successor is Samsu-iluna?
Where do the sister stations of Al Khaleejiya 100.9 play?
Name the sports played by Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao?
Was X the Unknown edited by James needs?
List the party of the office holder which also has the affiliation with Congress Socialist party ?
What is the nickname of the city where Tuba Dei lives?
From how many different places did the weapons used in the American Indian wars originate?
Name the office holder whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School and resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park?
Which company developed Google Web Toolkit and Google custom search?
Name the rive whose mouth is located in Limerick and location is Dowra?
How many sports are played in maharashtran schools?
What is the citizenship of Ren Romano ?
Which magazine's publisher is Jann Wenner and founded by Ralph J. Gleason?
Where did chancellor served by Rudolf Kirchschlger die?
How many owners owned the clubs participating in the Premier leagues of '14?
How many people live in the Beverly Hills, California?
Name some islands in a pacific archipelago?
For how many movies have the music composer composed music, who have collaborated with Yes ?
Name the driver who had a pole finish in 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
Jeff Munn is the president of which basketball team ?
In how many areas do the networks broadcast, which also broadcasts in North Carolina?
Name the sovereign state of Wallington railway station ?
Which terrotory of Tonkin campaign also the death bed of Thophane Vnard ?
Where does the Giannis Alafouzos originate?
What is the death place of the Elbieta Czartoryska which is also place of birth of the Charles Journet
What mammals fall into the biological family Canidae?
what region is governed by Mario Olivero?
Whihc party of the Mizoram Legislative Assembly is the government type of kumta ?
What sports can be played in institutions in Bataan?
What is the total number of regions served by the companies which also serves Australia?
What tv series can be said to be related to the sarah jane adventure and dr who confidential?
Which route junction of the Rhode Island Route 15 is the place of birth of the Michael Poulin?
What is the birth city of the Salford City F.C players ?
What is the birthplace of Liudmila Privivkova and Qadir Huseynov ?
Who are the maintainers of the bridges which cross the pandaruan river?
Who has official residences at Colts Neck Township and Beverly Hills?
List the area of radio stations whose sister station is WBCQ-FM?
Which school did Robbie Diack attend?
List the alma mater of the congressmen who attended Nashville, Tennessee ?
What is the broadcast area of CFRX ?
Who developed games based on the Cars series?
What are the american football players whose former team's coach is Jason Maas?
Which hub of Cascade Airways is also the resting place of Brandon Lee ?
How many companies have manufactured the rockets launched from the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station?
What is the sea connected to Kaliningrad and Gdask?
Name the agency of Election Commission of Thailand ?
In which country did the planes designed by Ursula Hanle originate?
what are some units udner the US department of navy?
Which destination of the Novair International Airways is also the  predecessor of the Chevrolet Caprice?
What did other artists associated with the Shirelles make?
Which sitcoms are made by a company headquartered in NYC?
Name the city of Duwamish River ?
List the children of the parent of Marvin Bush.
List the awards received of the person whose child is Daine Disney Miller?
In which country is the Baku puppet Theater located which is also the birth palce of Anar Salmanov ?
List down all the cast members of Tony n' Tina's Wedding ?
What is the airline company has its headquarters in Dublin Airport?
What was the result of Operation Autumn Clouds ?
Where was the Temptation Waits recorded?
Some movies whose screenplay is done by american born people?
List the relatives of clay Aiken ?
List the relatives of the children of Jon Voight ?
What is the resting place of the children of Bruce Lee ?
List the colonel with branch as Militia ?
List all areas served by the radio station serving South carolina ?
Which TV show's theme was composed by a band in which Todd Huth used to perform?
Which work is both Neil Cross and Lars Pearson both known for ?
What is the state of origin of Abbas Jafri ?
which award has been won by Claudia Moro?
What religion did the spouse of Richie Aprile follow?
Which river has its roots in Baikal Mountains?
What is the country whose leader was once Valentina Matviyenko?
Is Ingo Steuer the formercoach of Stanislav Morozov?
Whose units are responsible for close air support?
Which university has chancellor as Nicholas S. Zeppos?
Is Liang Chow the headcoach of Shawn Johnson?
Name the key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the key person is Lesley-Anne knight ?
What is the address of Federal Reserve Bank Building?
What are the kind of games one can play on windows?
What is the location country of the bank whose successor is Mauritius Bank ?
Which artists have co-starred with Kris Kristofferson?
List the software using C++ as programming language and licence is Software as a service?
Which are the major hubs of airline which operates the Menora Tunnel?
List the countries through which European rout E39 and E8 passes ?
Who are the writer of the singles whose music genre is Rhythm and blues ?
Which country does the current team of Darren McNamara belong to?
Name the mountain which belongs to Sierra Nevada range and is located in Inyo National Forest?
What are the awards won by the film editor of The Search?
Which serving railway line of the Rostov-Glavny is also the  place of birth of  Nina Vislova?
Who coached the Marquette golden eagles men team in 09 to 10 and then again in 13 to 14 ?
Give me some series related to the one which had Yasmin Paige in them.
Is James Wong Howe the cinematographer of Behave Yourself?
Does Heydar mean the same as a lion?
Which associate musical artist of Carolyn Dennis is also the composer of Motorpsycho Nitemare ?
Count the number of shows whose creators are Jerry Seinfeld and Larry David?
What is the state of the settlement, which is the sub assembly of Mohamedia, Tunisia ?
Name the rivers in the hudson highlands state parts?
How many TV shows have executive producer as Steven Moffat ?
Which office holder's military unit is USS Kittiwake  and constituency is Castro District, San Francisco ?
Which writer of the Snaman is also the writer of Neverwher ?
How many relatives are there of veterans of operation Barbarossa?
Which famous political figures are relatives to George Madison?
Which organisation has superintendent as Lieutenant general (United States)?
Who all have been in bands which have recorded their work in the Electric Lady Studios?
What religion is practiced by Hirunika Premachandra, and many others south asians in Hong Kong?
Was Kevin Jonas a part of Jonas brothers?
Who did the associated act which is a Peter Frampton production ?
List the shows whose company's successor is Amblin Television.
How many shows are made by the channel whose predecessor was the Comedy Channel?
List of people who were the first one to ascend a mountain in the Cathedral range?
Give me the mascot of the military unit in which Stewart Bovell served?
Which company owns GetTV and Hypnotize minds ?
In which wars did commanders born in Indochina fight?
Who has written the mary poppins musical?
Which newspaper is owned by people living in Oslo?
Who made the engine whose predecessor is the SHO V6?
For how many different teams have Ontarians been drafted ?
Name the university of Alexandre Tichonov ?
In which countries can i find broadcasted TV in southeast asia?
Over how many cities did the Bellaton MMA, Season 11 take place?
Whose academic advisor works at the St George's Hospital?
Count the number of people who graduated from universities affiliated with the NCAA.
Which governor of Charles Willing byrd fought the battle of Siege of Fort Recovery ?
How many characters were made by Paul Dini?
What are the name of the casualties affected by shooting rampage of Eric Harris and Dylan Klebold?
How many molluscas are there whose families are Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
List the newspapers which has headquarters in Stockholm?
List the relegion of tani University which is also the life stance of udit Raj ?
Was David Gilmour a former member of Pink Floyd?
what are some players of England national football team?
Which genre of books does the writer of The Many Hands write?
Where did Aghasalim Childagh die?
Give me a count of airlines whose hub airport is Los Angeles International Airport?
Where is the football team located in which Josh Bell did his debut?
Where is the successor of john waldo from?
How many awards have screenwriters won?
What are the houses of the Parliament Security Services and Parliament of India ?
How many owners are there of things located in Alabama?
Which writer of A literary Nightmare also extended the work of The Apple tree ?
Who collaborated with Johnny Cash and Kris Kristofferson ?
What is the television show whose opening theme is Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
How many companies were founded in Denton, texas?
Of which countries  does Viveka Babajee have citizenship?
Which club of perianne Lones is also the home town of the Kady O'Malley ?
Where are the shrines of the saints who were beatified by Pope Pius XI?
What is the ethicity of Ted Falon?
By what person of which political party is Balangir district led?
Who is the political figure whose military branch is Colonial troops?
Foxy Brown was associated with which band?
Which creation of Josh Friedman was portrayed in Terminator 2 ?
What are some common games played in PATTS college of aeronautics and Jamiatu muslim mindanao?
Of how many battles is Chickasaw Campaign of 1736 consisted?
In which country is there a political party whose leader is Jose Cha Cha Jimenez?
Which movies' composers have won a BAFTA for film music?
What kind of things are on the radio stations affiliated with the Baltimore Ravens?
Which work institue of andrew Schally belongs to WTUL ?
Who is the author of Heroman is also the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
Name the common sports played at Polytechnic University of Philippines San Juan and Islamic Azad University?
What organization is the parent of Greenpeace Nordic?
Of what all has David Ian Salter been an editor of?
How many 
What is the place of birth of the Kira Plastinina and Sergey Ryazansky
Name the river whose mouth mountain is Essex and river mouth is North Sea?
What is the products of the BBC Multimedia and series of the The Last Resort (Doctor Who)
Which mascot of Celal Bayer university is also the nickname of kore Presbyterian Theological Seminar ?
In how many countries do the rivers start which end at the Caspian Sea?
Who is the leader of the Kriminalpolizei and Ordnungspolizei?
What award has been given to Roy Walker as well as Walt Disney?
Give the total number of places to which airlines go, who also go to Glasgow?
What is the death place of the Marina Pankova and Viktor Ulyanich?
Who was the PM under which William Deane served?
Which leader of Trump Entertainment Resorts is a relative of Maryanne Barry?
In which states can I find Truss bridges?
Which awards have Puerto Ricons won?
Where is the rival school of Somerset Berkeley Regional High school?
What products are made by Tehran based companies?
Count number of people who follow a religion which has an important office in Gold Base ?
In which areas can we find the networks owned by the govt of Mauritius?
What is the profession of the William Luther Hill and also the office of the Richard Coke ?
What's the religion of the winner of china election of 2008?
What is the city nearest to the historic place whose architect is Joseph Dion?
Who is the father of Edith Vonnegut and is also a writer?
was Charlemagne canonized by antipope pachal 3?
How many basketball players studied in the Midland College?
List all the collaborators of the artist which has collaborated with sanremo Music Festival ?
Who was the president under whom, a governor participated in Shay's rebellion?
Which actors have performed in plays performed in New York?
Who is the editor of Hearth and Home ?
List the books by the authors buried in the Convent of the Barefoot Trinitarians?
How many game series exist for iOS?
Where does Manu cornet work?
Which awards did the creator of A Barrel of Laughs, a Vale of Tears won ?
In how many different places were the people born who are members of National Museum of Racing and Hall of Fame?
Was einstein a doctoral student of Alfred Kleiner?
What is the source country of reg Lake ?
Which hockey teams have had people playing as Defenceman?
which president was served by Joseph Stiglitz?
Name the tenant of Ever bank field which has also has player named Dan Shamash ?
Who is the mfr. of the engine used in Ford Transit ?
Where did the employees of American College of Surgeons study?
Name the  people whose residence is Beverly Hills, California?
Did Stan Lee create Jean Grey?
The authors of Zhorstoke nebo was influenced by whom ?
What product is made by Sony and Foxconn togather?
Which city has radio stations which are Religious ?
From which state do the White Plum Asangas come?
Who operates the Ganz UV?
What is the state of Umatilla language which is also the state of James K. Kelly ?
Where has GARAGE recorded its singles?
How many players participated in the 2004-05 FC Barcelona season?
Whose mam is Bertrada of Laon?
Give me a list of all the people driving at pole positions in the Grand Prixes where Renault was a first team?
Who is the developer of the software which distributes Batman: Arkham City Lockdown ?
What are the non-fiction topics in the books whose authors is Terry Pratchett?
Is WP 8.1 the OS on Lumia 830?
Name a movie with actor as Momoko Kchi and music by Akira Ifukube?
Which railway line goes through the stations which are a part of the North Caucasus railway?
Which animal is the mascot of the 1502nd Infantry Brigade (Ready Reserve) and Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Who was in missions of Gemini 8 and Apollo 11?
Name the source Island of Bayou ?
What location country of AH141 is also the nation of malaysia Junior hockey league ?
Which college of the Luke List (golfer) is the alma mater of the Park Trammell ?
Of the sports commonly played at Islamic Azad Uni, tehran, which one does Jon Speelman play?
How many artists are signed up with Celluloid Records?
Henry McDaniel's trained horses have won which awards?
What were the occupations of Marcus Floyd?
With whom is the institution of David Charles affiliated?
From how many coutries do companies come, which are headquartered in the Klang Valley?
What political party has governed both in Baraily,MP and Jowai?
Who is the builder of the bridge owned by Tabriz ?
Is the song Only the Good Die Young from The Stranger?
Who are the golf players whose college is Arizona State Sun Devils?
Did taylor swift do the theme song of The Farmer Wants a Wife?
How many local authorities manage mixed gender schools?
What is the almamater of the successor of F. A. Little, Jr.? 
List everything in which saxophone players have been casted.
In which city is Corringham railway station located?
What monument was unveiled in 1984 of fine arts of the Soviet Union ?
Where did the wrestler trained by Ring of Honour get billed?
Name the console whose successor is PlayStation 4 and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
List the name of those who became famous for something garrisoned at Tennessee?
Which school teams are there in schools of Arlington Heights, Illinois?
Who is the person whose opponent's father is Newman Haynes Clanton?
Who has official residences at Beverly Hills and Colts Neck Township ?
What games are played in Protestant schools?
Which river flows through both eastern and western washington?
What company is the distributor of Bombay Sapphire?
Did Trish Stratus train Christina Crawford?
Which stockholder of yale Repertory Theatre was training center of William Anthony ?
Name the team for which Hensley Meulens played, whihc was also the debut team od Steve Ontiveros ?
Name the common institution of the Erica Frank and Douglass North?
Name a office holder whose predecessor is Edward Douglass White and has son named Charles Phelps Taft II?
List the ingredients of Kaszanka?
List the language of Kunsten Museum of moder art Aalborg ?
Is wizard rock inspired from Harry potter?
What is the venerated in of the Abraham and religion of the Saima Chowdhury
Who directed the haunted house and alice in wonderland?
 Name the city whose province is Metropolitan City of Venice and has leader as Luigi Brugnaro ?
Who is the leader of Panki block ?
To which persons is Ron Cyrus a relative?
How many services are there of the companies whose services is Web hosting service ?
Is Neungin High school a buddhist school?
Name the mascot of the military branch of William Harper.
What musician is often associated with Tiffany Villarreal and wrote Same Song?
Which location country of Ennejma Ezzahra is also the origin of Boga ?
What is the state whose largest city is Denver?
Who have been the manager of national team of Spain?
For which common president did Jim Sasser and Mike McCurry work?
What is the municipality of the Homestead Grays Bridge and Roberto Clemente Bridge?
Who is a successor of Kingship whose parents were Julius Caesar?
How many organizations work for Environmentalism?
Was Zambezi originate in the north western province of zambia?
Which US state has Dorchester Bay and the Joseph Story?
Who is the predecessor of Voere ?
Which city is Black Grape Global located ?
Which movies did Mark Steven edit?
Who is the common distributer of Bombay Sapphire and Rev ?
Which sports are played in the school which runs the Fr. Agnel Stadium?
Name the common musical band of Take Me There and Tonight's the Night ?
Which ethnicity do Linda Hogan and Riley Reid come from?
Who is the parent of FD Roosevelt JR?
NAme the emplyer for whihc Manu cornet has worked and also written in Google Web Toolkit ?
is ANYway in the Quack album?
How many more teams have rented the stadium used by Raptors 905?
List the common prime minister of the Robert Ray and graham richardson ?
Count the wars in which people awarded with the Croix de guerre fought.
Which first driver of  European Grand Prix 1993 is also finished first in 1985 Portuguese Grand Prix ?
Name the river whose source is located in Itasca State Park and mouth is located in Pilottown, Louisiana?
How many have been awarded by the Royal Society?
From how many different cities have people gone to the Illinois Fighting Illini men's basketball?
who manufactures the SHO V8?
What is the television show whose opening theme's album is Cheers?
What sports are played in schools in Vashi?
Name the television show developed by J. Michael Straczynski and distributed by Warner Bros. Television?
Where are the agencies headquartered at, which are under the Colorado Dept of Natural Resources?
What is the genre for the developer of Interplay Entertainment?
Give me some nominees of politicians in the US?
What is the TV Show whose theme is composed by someone signed up with Prawn Song Records?
Name the team of Michael springer ?
In which television shows have Steven Moffat served as an executive producer?
Was Robert Burns from the Romanticist School of thought?
Paris Sisters singles are of which language?
Who were the first drivers in the grand prix which took place at Autodromo Enzo e Dino Ferrari?
What belongs to the families of Buccinidae and Buccinoidea?
What are the broadcast areas of Mauritius Broadcasting Corporation?
Where was Henri, Duke of Rohan laid to rest?
What are the movies whose cinematographer is Gregg Toland?
In how many different highschools have people schooled in Penn State Nittany Lions football studied?
Name the founders of the record labels whose one of the founders is Frank Rogers ?
How many different people hold authority over the members of Balanidae family?
Which offices were held by the politicians who held their allegiance to the union of american civil war?
Who is the american football player whose highschool is Ringgold High School (Pennsylvania)?
Count the total number of conflicts people who were part of conflict in afghanisthan ?
Kendall Jenner has how many relatives?
Where is Tahual located which is also the country of Ren Romano ?
What is the current team of John McGuinness (motorcycle racer) ?
Where do the CNN employees typically graduate from?
Name the common serving line of Daund Junction railway station and Ujjain Junction railway station?
What other destinations do airlines go to, whose flights also come to Glasgow?
What is the location town of First Church of Christ, Scientist (Pittsburgh) ?
Does the platte river originate in Colorado?
Bridges over what can carry vehicles?
Where is the spouse of Henry Bourchier of Essex buried?
Which ship builder built the USS Camp and Sturtevant ?
What shows are on the networks which are from the United States?
Name the scientist whose doctoral supervisor's doctoral student is John Bowlby?
Which author inspired Susanna Clarke, and wrote Northanger Abbey?
Name the office holder whose Governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has resting place as North Bend, Ohio?
Over what do Concor holdings have a bridge?
Which sports are played at both the Polytech uni of Bataan and Taguig?
Name the movies distributed by Cinema International Corporation and edited by Hulian Doyle ?
What is the company which has Raymond Conner and Dennis Muilenburg as key person?
Who narrated the albums in which Harry Nilsson performed?
What is the province of Rouen Business School ?
List some songwriters whose work has been recorded in Miami?
Is KOMC-FM the sister station of KOMC (AM)?
What is the denomination of S. H. Kapadia ?
who are the managers of england national under 20 football team?
What is the total number of relgions followed by people born in Bangkok?
Which movies have someone on their cast from Shelby County in Tennessee?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn served?
What is the city whose mayor is Anne Hidalgo?
In which ice hockey league, did the team coached by Joel Quenneville win?
Which musical artist collaborated with Tony Allen (musician) and label is Victor Entertainment?
Which american football players currently plays for Michigan Wolverines?
In how many different places have US people died?
Count the number of software which runs on Microsoft Windows and mac OS ?
What is the common race of the Martin Molony and race of the Coneygree ?
Which countries led by Elizabeth II?
Who is the tenant of the home stadium of Toronto Phantoms?
What is the purpose of Maharashtra Chess Association ?
What is the draft team of the ice hockey players whose position is Centre ?
Who represent the constituencies of Noe Valley and Duboce Triangle ?
What is the total number of religions that politicians have followed?
What sports team's arena is The Palace of Auburn Hills
Name the religious affiliation of Vagif Aliyev ?
Who composed songs in the Mr Tambourine Man album?
To what companies is Dennis Muilenburg important?
Name the TV show whose company is Playtone and written by Graham Yost?
Where are the politicians buried who succeeded George Whitefield Davis?
What is the fictional character which belongs to families of Darth Vader and Padm Amidala?
What were robert sarvis and JAck Ryan nominated for ?
Count the number of other services of the companies which provides the Microsoft Azure as service ?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the director of The Haunted House (1929 film) ?
How many first drivers have participated when Scuderia Ferrari was a first team?
In how many countries are people born who play cricket?
What are the towns who have Thesaban system?
In how many different wars have people graduated from the Army Command and General staff college fought?
Which non fictional subject of Thud is the athletics of PATTS College of Aeronautics ?
Was Beth Tweddle primarily coached by Amanda Reddin?
List the current members of Metro Station (band) ?
Was robert sarvis a nominee of the US Senate?
Which major shrine of Tekle haymanot is the palce of death of Haile Selassie Gugsa ?
Which video game's artist is Hiroji Kiyotake and computing platform is Virtual Console?
Name a basketball player with teams as Chicago Bulls and Phoenix Suns?
What is the home stadium of Kenya's women national football team ?
Where does the jurisdiction of European Border and Coast Guard fall?
What is the award which is presented by Swedish Academy?
Where was the company who is the operator of Harihar Airport founded ?
What are some important people in NGOs headed by Donna Shalala?
What are the other key people of the non-profit organisations whose one of the  key person is Joe Green ?
Who are the people whose phD advisor was Harry Harlow?
What is the county seat of Moscow Governorate ?
What are some books whose cover illustration is designed by Marshall Arisman?
Momoko Kchi has acted in which movie ?
What show has Sirius XM Holdings and Fox Sports Radio as channels ?
What is the  name of the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and actor is Jason Carter (actor)?
What are some cars similar to the ones assembled at Toluca?
Who is associated to the predecessor of Dan Mica?
Michael Deeley produce how many movies?
List borders of the admin region bordering Arctic ocean ?
What is the nationality of the J. T. Krogh which is also the  sovereign state of the Camilla Martin
How many food items have an ingredient from the Sapindales family?
Which district of Thorington railway station is the location of death of  David Lewis (poet) ?
Who was the head coach of Middlesbrough F.C. season 2006-7 also the coach of England national under 21 footbal team ?
Who designed the bridge over the Valaichchenai lagoon?
Where did anton ausserer die?
How many teams have used the stadium which hosted the WCW mayhem?
List  bacterias whose orde is Bacillales and division is Firmicutes?
Who are in the liang chow club?
To which family does korean fox belongs to ?
What is the alma mater of the person, whose child is Samuel Moreno Rojas?
Name the river whose source place is Gloucestershire and mouth place is Southend-on-Sea ?
In how many countries does the Zurich Affoltern am Albis Zug line go?
How many movies did Joel Schumacher direct?
In how many places did Julian Leow Beng Kim study?
Is lion an animal?
Which cities have the river one of whose Tributary is the Missouri's big spring?
Which Stanley Kubrick's movie has music by Laurie Johnson?
How many movies were directed by the graduate of Burbank High School ?
What is the type of Vesak ?
Who have become famous by movies produced by Laurence Mark?
Count all the scientologists.
Laozi has authored which books ?
Name the river  whose source location is Nevado Mismi and region is Arequipa Region?
List the awards won by the fashion designer which have been recognized by Tennessee State Museum ?
Where can I find companies which originated in Canada?
Name the species of Panthera leo fossilis ?
What is the nationality of Newin Chidchob ?
List the affiliations of Wikipedia Zero ?
What is the route start of Capitol 400 ?
Which awards did the parents of Anna Bergman win ?
How many schools have a bison as their mascot?
What river originates in the Connecticut Lakes?
List the bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is bacteria?
Which country of Montaas Mayas Chiquibul is the birth place of Jos Bernardo Escobar?
Who is the head coach of 2009-10 Middlesbrough F.C. season ?
Name the battle fought by the people which also fought in Levant ?
Which work institutions of the Andrew Schally is the  alma mater of the Mara Eugenia Rojas Correa ?
Which politician's constituency is led by the SF Board of Supervisors?
How many factions have fought in wars where Francois Marie Le Marchand de Lignery was involved?
What are some people who are on the board of companies founded in NY?
Who was the architect of the stadium currently run by the Pittsburgh Pirates?
Give me a count of musicians who play an instrument developed by George Beauchamp ?
What sport activities are available at Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan?
In how many places have the companies started in Newcastle worked?
What are the musicals of the people died in California?
What sport has made Eric Schiller famous, and has employed Craig Van Tibury?
Which pole driver of 1989 Portuguese Grand Prix was also the first driver of 1993 European Grand Prix ?
What is the debut team of the gridiron football player who coached the 1931 Staten Island Stapletons season ?
Name the alma mater of the scientist famous for Email filtering ?
Where is the T.I. Ahmadiyya Girls Senior High School?
To what region is Sukhumbhand Paribatra, a leader?
What are the birth place of the people who are the star of Dhoondte Reh Jaaoge?
Which software uses windows as it's operating system and is written in C++ ?
Which domain's journals did Willard Fiske edit?
What is the religion of the person who is in the cast of Master's Sun> ?
What is the television show whose theme music composer's home town is El Sobrante, California?
How many maintainers are there of the bridges that can carry motor vehicles over them?
What currencies are circulated in the countries where people speak French?
Did Oliver Sacks study at the Columbia University?
Give the distinct number of other party of the people which have one of the party as Janata Party ?
List the former partner of the figure skaters whose former choreographer was Igor Shpillband.
Give me a list of all the buildings which are located in districts governed by John Tory.
Which BBC's TV show is related with the Sarah Jane Adventures?
Which associate of Thomas bryan Martin is also the president of Carmichael ?
Which political party got elected in First Legislative Assembly of Uttar Pradesh ?
How many organizations own the website to which Jimmy Wales contributes?
Name the notable commanders of Army Group Oberrhein ?
Which high school of the Jerry Tagge also was the palce hwer Temptation Waits was recorded ?
Was His New Job edited by Charlie Chaplin?
Does vance johnson play as a wide receiver?
Name the place of Qaqun ?
What is the deathplace of people who have worked in Ethics?
List all the nicknames of the city which has Toru gingerbread as one of it ?
What are the awards won by the film editor of World of Tomorrow ?
Is Luigi Brugnaro the mayor of Venice?
Which mountains are contained in Inyo National Forest?
Whose children are married to Fredric Joliot-Curie?
Where did the president study, whose VP was Emilio Nez?
Where are the homestadiums of the seasons chaired by Merritt Paulson?
Was elizabeth ann seton beatified by Pope John XXIII?
What is the architecture of First National Bank and Trust Building (Lima, Ohio) ?
What are some languages in the italic family of languages?
Count all the awards which were presented by something located in California.
What is the region of the Kim Sawchuk which is also served by the Airtours International Airways ?
Who all held a position when Gough Whitlam was the prime minister?
In which part of the world will I find Kim Sawchuk and Vuelta Mexico Telmex?
What are the mascots of the teams participating in the Turkish Handball Super League?
Which tenants of the Master Card center is also th draft team of Sam Carrrick 
Which country has given citizenship to both saima chowdhury and edmund john?
Who originally wrote the manga which was later illustrated by Tamon Ohta?
Which university was attended by both Richard H Immerman and Franklin W Olin?
How many other race are there of the adult (pornographic) actors whose ethnicity is Cherokee ?
Who maintains the stuff designed by the Brunei government?
Stockholm is the HQ of how many things?
What is a salthill?
What is the sea connected to Oulu and Turku?
List all the parents of writers coming from the Great Missenden ?
In how many regions is the Baco Noir made?
What is the source country of Water resources managemnt in EL Salvador is also the land of Jos MAra Orellana ?
Where does the Jerusalem Institute of Justice render their services?
What is the common nickname given both to Harding academy and Lyons township high school?
What borders siberia?
To which party do the politicians who died in Delhi belong?
Who created the stadiums who have been rented by the Boston Red Sox?
What is the region of the successor of Mr. Jerome B. Chaffee ?
What is the profession of the Chris Myers (New Jersey) which is the governing body of Oahu Railway and Land Company ?
In which countries were the Russian volleyball team players born?
Which religion's people are member of BJP?
List down the commanders of Battle of Fort stephenson ?
What is the subject of The Prodigal son ?
ARM Architecture acts as a game platform for how many things?
Name the work institutions of Andrew Schally?
What is the fictional character which has Clan McDuck and Ludwig Von Draken as relatives?
How many games have a composer who worked for the Creatures?
Which licensee of EXXV-TV is also the licensee of WXXV-DT2 ?
Which state is the birth location of Ann Monroe Gilchrist Strong? 
Which university's graduates have worked in the Quartermaster corps?
How many people have voiced characters sculpted by Clamp?
Trainees at the national film school of Lodz have received what awards?
Were the bodies involved in the Westroads mall shootings discovered in Nebraska?
Which animator of the The Skeleton Dance is also the  cinematographer of the Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor is Franz Brentano?
Who was the animator of both Tommy Tucker's Tooth and Skeleton Dance?
In how many different people are alumini of the University of Oxford working?
Who is the developer of Montecito Inn ?
Where did Paul Jones do his highschool?
Is stephanie a female?
For which team did Cam Plante and Doug Acomb both play atleast once?
What are the shows whose creator has worked as a screenwriter?
To which students did Ernest Rutherford advised to?
Which  institution of the Alton Ochsner is the alma mater of the Michael Hahn ?
Did Bob Suci play for the New England Patriots?
In how many places was the album of King Crimson recorded?
Which television show's company is Paramount Television and is located in Boston?
Who is the starring of the movies such that music is by Raamlaxman?
Which nickname of Lyons Township JHigh school is also the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team ?
What are the movies whose cast members are signed up with Point Blank Records?
What is the Team Name  of the Cristo Rey Jesuit High School (Chicago) and is also the nickname of the Lyons Township High School ?
What do craig Van tilbury and karen Grigorian do for a living?
Where is  Dofinivka Estuary  located ?
What is the city nearest to the islands in the Northwestern Hawaiian Islands?
Name the televesion show which has artist named Christopher Franke ?
name the races where bobby beasley took part ?
Where do cherry chevapravatdumrong and daisi pollard both live?
Which institution of the Alton Ochsner is also the alma mater of John Michael Seabright ?
what mountains are in sierra nevada?
Who acted in the movies whose music is composed by Walter Scharf?
What softwares were created by Apple Productivity Experience Group ?
Who is the producer of the album, after which A Nice pair was released ?
Where can i find teams whose coach has been Rodney Eade.
List all that flows into the north sea?
Is the magnolia place of the greek revival architectural style?
How many head of agencies were there in Nazi Germany?
List all the notable work of the screen writer who produced Frasier ?
Does Caroline Augusta Foley Rhys Davids study Buddhism?
Who employed the person famous for the Boeing fa18ef Super Hornet?
In which monarch did Li Si succeed someone?
List the awards given to the relatives of Gregorios Bernardakis.
What politician's partner is Diana Taylor ?
Which fields are covered by academic journals in the US?
What is the draft team of Bob MacMillan ?
Which football players have Newell's Old Boys as youthclub?
What are the teams for which Wilfred McDonald played for?
Who is the Artist of the singles whose film genre is Country music ?
Is Denver the largest city of Colorado?
Count all those whose youthclub performed at the 14-15 La Liga?
How many cities are around the sea which flows into the Atlantic?
Who all are starring in the  movies where director of photography is John Derek ?
List the import people of Maryland Jockey Club ?
What is the total number of companies who use a language designed by Bjarne Stroustrup?
Who does Cam PLante plays for ?
What famous work is derived from the one whose lyrics are written by Inma Gonzales?
How many awards have been given to the ones who died of lung cancer?
Where the children of Ashot Grashi employed at?
Who holds shares in something famous for the Seven Spring Mountain Resort?
Which executive producer of Into the Dalek also produced Wizards vs Aliens ?
Who is the office holder whose deputy was Andrew Peacock and predecessor was Alexander Downer?
Which famous philosopher died on island Euboea?
What is the religion of the political party which is an international party of Hamas?
How many honorary title are there of the scientists who has  Australian of the Year award  ?
Name some TV shows whose theme is made by a band associated with Buckethead?
What is the alma mater of K. Terry Dornbush ?
What is the birthplace of the office holder who is the predecessor of Brian Peddle ?
What is the river which comes from Southend-on-Sea mountain?
What is the birth location of the advisor of Richard Hofstadter ?
Name the college of the Allama Matthews which also has affiliation with  Monroe Carell Jr. Children's Hospital at Vanderbilt
Does Abdelhameed Amarri currently play for Khartoum?
What is the successor of the governors whose child is Levi Lincoln, Jr.?
Who is the prime minister that Michael Jeffery served?
How many people are known for Dragons' Den?
What is pitro Gruszka hometown ?
Whihc place of birth of the Union State is also the largest city of Union Staete ?
How many different writers have written for Jump Square?
Who is the employer of Ralph flanders ?
List the awards given to the important people of Aardman Animations?
Which TV show developed by J. Michael Stracznski has artist as Christopher Franke ?
Is Giorgos Kaminis the mayor of Athens?
Name the members of European Go Federation?
In which sitcom did Jeff Conaway acted and had TNT as its network ?
Grey gppse and eristoff is produced by which company?
Where are the tombs of alumni of ational academy museum and school?
What is the order of George Frisbie Hoar?
Among the universities having Gyrfalcon as mascot which have Michelle D. Johnson as superintendent ? 
Name the show whose theme composing band previously also had Bryan Mantia?
List the television shows whose Composers are associated with Strontium 90 ?
Name the band atleast one of whose members is famous for playing the Fender Stratocaster?
 Count the participants of the NBA.
Who has stock in the railway lines managed by Norfolk Southern Railway?
How many writers speak a language belonging to the Germanic kind of languages?
Enumerate the cars related to the ones assembled in Toluca?
Where is the grave of Ivan III of Russia ?
Name the capital of Barony of Caux ?
Name the basketball players drafted by Los Angeles Clippers ?
Is Tenzing Norgay  the first person to scale Mt. Everest?
Count the number of other product of the banks whose one of the product is Wealth management ?
Which scientist is known for writing Philosophi Naturalis Principia Mathematica?
Which planet was first discovered by Johann Gottfried Galle?
What are some organizations in Auckland created to do?
Is Pulau Ubin the largest city of Singapore?
Under which president was timothy l. woodruff a lieutenant?
How many have been venerateds in Islam and Judaism?
Which training center of William Anthony has also alumni named Philip W Pillsbury ?
What is the largest city of the country to whom, the battle honours of 65th Regiment of Foot were given?
What awards have been given to people schooled in the Everton park state high?
List the authors of the musicals whose songwriter is Richard M. Sherman.
Who founded the sister stations of Discovery Communications?
Rivers which end in Arkansas go through which cities?
Give me some organizations working for Environmentalism
Who has starred in the amusement park attractions where Jim Dooley was performing?
Who has his resting place at  Plymouth, Vermont and office at Massachusetts House of Representatives?
Name the person whose parent is Pattie Mallette?
What faith of Buddhist Tai Hung College is also the acadmeic interest of Paul Demiville ?
Count the number of offices held by people who have their allegiances with the american civil war union?
What are all the TV shows which are related to the ones produced by Julie Gardner?
For how many different presidents have people in the Continental Army served?
Is Pixar Canada a subsidiary of Pixar?
How many movies have been cinematographed by Jordan Cronenweth?
What is the country of origin of the president of Skai group?
Which company produced the car which was a new version of Daewoo's Tico?
What are all the prizes won by the writer of A Grand Day Out?
Is Lyndon bridge a kind of Truss bridge?
What tv show is created by Brian Graden?
What is the television show whose previous work is The Spirit of Christmas (short film)?
In which country is there a dam on the Awash river?
Count the total religions followed by the ones living in England.
Who wrote the play in which a character called Stella Kowalski exists?
Was Liliya Lobanova born in Ukraine?
Name the broadcast area of ITV (Thailand) ?
Is the hyundai elantra related to hyundai lavita?
What is the country where Sergei Ovchinnikov the volleyball player die, and Gumus was first aired ?
Is Serbian Titieca a doctoral student of Werner Heisenberghttp://dbpedia.org/resource/Werner_Heisenberg
What is the region of Kim Sawchuk ?
Where was Liliya Lobanova born?
What are some cars related to the ones with a V8?
People of which religion have been the members of parliament, and are from the Kalutara Electoral district?
What are the important buildings of the architect whose one of the significant building is Krasnye Vorota?
Name the common institute of Robert hall and Erica Frank ?
Name the cause of death of Martino Martini ?
In how many places have Irishmen died?
Count the number of  fields of the scientists whose one of the fields is Sanskrit?
Does the white river flow into the connecticut river{u'_id': u'97e02dcf44aa43c1b7cc7a7c155b118f',
Was andy worhol the director of the san diego surf?
What is the debut team of ngel Escobar ?
What currencies are used in the countries which have been governed by Francois Hollande?
Where is Semnani and Assyrian Neo-Aramaic spoken ?
Give me a list of everyone who married the musicians signed up with Pablo Records?
Name the TV show whose cast member is Companion (Doctor Who) and is related to The Sarah Jane Adventures?
Which shows' opening themes was used to make If We Were a Movie?
What is the predecessor of the car engine which was succeeded by  BMW M43 ?
Which country's leader is David Johnston?
Give me a count of musical artists collaborating with Waylon Jennings?
Count everyone who was in the military unit which is structured like the Marine Aircraft Group 13 ?
By which member of parliament was Provisional Government of Saskatchewan led?
List the houses of Parliament of India ?
Count the number of movies whose distributor is RKO Pictures and director of photography is Gregg Toland?
In how many places can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
Which gadgets are made by companies of New Taipei City?
Name the hockey team which has head coach as Mike babcock and is based in Toronto ?
What is the hub of Wan Air ?
Who are the members of organizations headquartered at Amstelveen?
Was the skeleton dance animated by Walt Disney?
Whcih creator of Theme Time Radio Hour also created subsequent work of Moondoc Matinee ?
Who owns the tunnels operated by the Massachusetts Department of Transportation?
Which comic characters are painted by Bill Finger?
Name few television shows's anchored by Ryan Seacrest?
List education institute of the engineers whose alma mater is ChristChurch ?
What do the banks owned by Norwegian ministry of finance produce?
Is coffee a main ingredient of Hopje?
Does KOMC play Gospel Music?
Which televison shows have location as Massachusetts ?
Which clubs play in the La Liga?
The successor of Ellsworth Bunker belongs to which religion?
What medals have been given to people who died of lung cancer?
Which rivers start in Wyoming?
Which band had members who are now in The Bleeding Heart Band?
What is the common military branch of the Thomas Darden and that of Edwin F. Hunter
In which countries are there banks which came after the National Commercial Bank of Mauritius?
How many people have coached the players of Middlesbrough FC?
What are the Languages of Zabbaleen ?
What is the region served by Toll Global Express and also borders Siberia ?
In which mountain range does the Rochers De Naye lie?
Who has rented the stadiums owned by Toronto?
Was Krzystof Wielicki the first person that ascended the mt everest?
What is the mascot of alma mater of John O Moseley?
Does the river shannon originate from Dowra?
Which newspapers are owned by Oslo citizens?
King crimson has been recorded in which places?
What is the show which opens with Gary Portnoy and Where Everybody Knows Your Name?
Does chicago own the washington station on the CTA Blue Line?
Who is the architect of Red House, London ?
Which is the common prospect team of Mikhail Pashnin and Robin kovacs ?
How many mountain ranges are located in the Canton of Fribourg?
Is GIMP written in GTK+?
Give me a count on associates of Johnny Cash?
Which companies are founded in the city of which Collin County Texas is a part?
What is the place of birth of the badminton player who is the bronze medalist of Badminton at the 2012 Summer Olympics  Women's doubles ?
what are some neighboring cities of Pregny Chambsy?
Through which counties does the road go which starts at the Port Klang?
Which city's teams have been coached by Gary Kubaik?
How many developers make softwares for Unix like operating systems?
What is the second track list of Dschinghis Khan (song) ?
Which president was served by someone whose lieutenant is Lewis Stuyvesant Chanler?
List the graves of the royalities which have been buried at Beeleigh Abbey ?
For which party's PM did Chidambaram Subramaniam serve?
What is the capital of the region which maintains the South Park Bridge ?
AH141 highway is a part of which country?
What is the local authority of the Trinity School, Brentwood and place of birth of the Sarah Walker (badminton) ?
Which school of jack mcGregor attend which was also the training center of William Anthony ?
Is Julia Gillard a part of monarch of elizabeth 2?
Count the number of schools which are in a city governed by the West Berkshire Council?
Which ceremonial County of the East Tilbury is also the local authority of the Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
What is the common profession of DeWitt Clinton and Claiborne Pell ?
List the launch site of the rockets whose one of the launch site has been Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 26 ?
How many wars took place in Israel?
What is the total number of guests on the show whose theme music is Let me be your star?
What is the operating system of the LG Optimus Vu and also the developer of the Dart (programming language)
Who follow religions led by David Miscavige?
How many people have written for Gangan Comics?
Which part of the US political framework did Arthur Bagby and Thomas H hicks both serve?
Who wrote The Times They Are a-Changin?
Which education institute of Duncan U. Fletcher is also the university of Vanderbilt Commodores ?
How many total religions are followed by people whose hometown is somewhere in India?
What were the awards won by the founder of Walt Disney Records ?
England is the origin of how many things?
What is the television show with presentator as Ryan Seacrest and theme music composer as Julian Gingell?
Where did ed podolak go to high school
Where is the county seat of King County, Washington?
Is Maldives a member ofof South Asia Subregional Economic Cooperation?
Is Rain Over me in the planet pit album?
What common team are Mikhail Pashnin and Robin Kovacs expected to play for?
What are the houses of legislature in the political leader's seat of Medininagar?
Which producer of Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet has a key person Dennis Muilenburg ?
Was Ne Daj Se, Nina first aired in Croatia?
How many people work at the FBI?
How many people have been trained in an institute located in California?
Where is the tomb of son of Bruce Lee?
What are some famous companies founded in the US?
Name the common former team of Marv mcFadden and Carlos Emmons ?
Who were fighting the war where the QF Hotchkiss was used?
Give me a count of movies whose film editor is Anthony Harvey?
How many people are buried in Arlington National Cemetery?
What are some people working for the New York Post?
Which country were the people from who became famous for the Ramon Mangsaysay Award?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Samuel W. McCall and office in Massachusetts House of Representatives?
In which city is the sister station of WCSE-LP located ?
What are some devices whose manufacturers are in taiwan?
Which military commander fought his battle at Fort Gadsen?
Which spanish novel was published by Francisco de Robles?
What are some bands originating in London?
Which educational institution has Kaplan, Inc as it's affiliation?
Who is associated to Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus  and Marcus Calpurnius Bibulus?
In what group Joe Jonas and Kevin Jonas were previously involved?
Who are relatives of Ozzy Osbourne and Kelly Osbourne?
Naval station mobile and naval support activity, naples are under which branch of Us military?
Is Ian Thorpe the bronze medalist of Swimming at the 2004 Summer Olympics  Men's 100 metre freestyle?
Where did john o conner study?
List the producers who produced movies starring Michael Jackson.
List the name of the soccer clubs whose chairman is Joan Laporta.
Name the major shrine of Bogumilus?
What is the political party of the Satish Kumar Sharma which is also the political party of Manthena Venkata Raju?
What are the other launch site of the rockets which also have been launched from  Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Launch Complex 5 ?
Name the TV shows related to Babylon 5: The Lost Tales and is aired on Prime TIme Entertainment Networks ?
Who is the person whose alma mater is Harvard-Westlake School?
How many different religions have economists followed?
Martin Ferguson and Mike Kelly served under which aussie PM?
Which royalty's spouse is Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
What artists are associated with the members of the Catalin Maruta?
In which city are buildings by Solon Spencer Beman found?
Danny Felice, the Gibraltarian guitarist is from which city?
Name the tenants of O.co Coliseum ?
Name the rivers originating from an English speaking nation?
Count the total awards won by the writer who has won Goethe Prize ?
In how many nations can I find people related to the feminist movement?
What team had the debut of Marv Throneberry and Curt Coleman?
Name the sports played by PATTS College of Aeronautics?
Which home town of Cline Buckens is the place of Death of Richard heron ?
Who wrote the musical based on Mary Poppins?
With whom is Heinz Kokott a relative to who also served Nazi Army?
Who is the former partner of the figure skater which was the former partner of Brynn Carman ?
Name the company which produces Marionette and has key person as Edwin catmull ?
Paul Morphy compiled journals of which field?
Name the person whose relation is Dee Dee Warwick?
Give me some series whose network's owning company is Warner Bros. Television?
In which region was political figure Wayne Allard elected?
What awards have the narrator of the Cries and Whispers won?
How many ships belong to states which has Unitary as government type ?
Who designed Oddamavadi Bridge?
Count all the band members who are in Bands which have signed up with Entertainment One Music?
What are the television shows whose company is European Broadcasting Union?
Who are the founders of Iskra ?
To which families does the Koolakamba belong ?
Graduates of Somerville College have been in how many political parties?
Was George Washington on the rank of general?
List all the developers of the Oddworld series?
Was the Incredibles released before Finding Nemo?
Who is renowned for Ae Fond Kiss and poem of Halloween ?
Which county seats are in the district where I can find the Hylebos Creek?
Which american football player's current team is Michigan Wolverines and former team was  Baltimore Ravens ?
Which TV show distributed by Warner Bros. has Christopher Franke as one of the artist ?
Give me a count of all the producers of all the movies whose music was done by James Horner?
Where did isabelle caro and judson huss both die?
List the notable work of David Isaacs (writer)?
What is the province of Egypt Nanotechnology Center ?
Give me the number of home stadiums of teams managed by John Spencer.
How many people are buried in the Winchester Cathedral?
Name the origins of the river with Quich Department as one of the origin ?
Who wrote a rose for emily?
What is the mascot of the Royal Australian Air Force and Austin College?
What ethnicity do people in British Columbia belong to?
Which motion picture stories were edited by Ishir Honda?
Name the tv series produced by Stephen Ambrose and Erik Bork?
Who starred in Awakening and fifety five days at peknig ?
Which tv series have a score composed by judy hard angelo?
For which other teams have the past Boston Bruins members played?
List the Swedish newspaper headquarted in Stockholm ? 
Those seasons which have been played in Fort Lauderdale Florida now host their games where?
Were the 1995 south pacific games hosted in tahiti?
Where is the origin of Filbert's Old Time Root Beer ?
Which largest city of Salsette Island is also the largest city of India ?
Give me all the alma mater of the relatives of Samuek Moreno Rojas ?
Which magazine's editor's official residence is Playboy Mansion?
To which destinations does Air 2000 fly?
What is the political party to which Purnima Banerjee is a member of?
To which political party does the successor of Radhabinod Koijam belong?
What is the ethnicity of Linda Hogan ?
Name the mammals which are primate and belongs to family of ape ?
Who did the person whose predecessor is Arthur Slaght, play for?
To what did the parliament member swore her oath to, whose has sons is Lohan Ratwatte?
What are the awards won by the producer of Elizabeth: The Golden Age?
In which military conflict were Phm Vn ng and John McEwen commanders ?
What is the hometown of the volleyball player whose club is VC Lokomotiv Novosibirsk ?
Who owns the bridge which crosses the Orange Line of MBTA?
Is joel quenneville the main coach of Chicago Blackhawks?
Through which label did Mel Brooks produce his movie?
Count the number of judges who've come on CTV network shows.
Name the musical artists whose label is given by Kobalt Label Services?
Enumerate all the first teams of the GPs which were held in Watkins Glen, NY?
Which operator of ganz UV is also the nationality of the Gza Horvth ?
Does the AMC Gremlin use an Audi engine?
What is the death place of the Abiye Abebe and is the birthplace of the Amsale Aberra?
Which official residence of Nikos Pateras is also the stadium of anionios G.S.S. season 2014-15 ?
Give me a count of movies whose producer is Larry J. Franco?
What is the common profession of William Luther Hill and Claiborne Pell?
Which city near Nihoa is the place of death of jim Brady ?
Journals of how many fields can be found in US?
How many different genres of games can I find which are compatible with the Commodore 64?
In which wars has Steven Palazzo fought?
Which fields' academic journals are found in the US?
Mike Shinoda is in which band?
What are the television shows whose voices is given by  Mona Marshall?
Name the movie whose director of photography is Gregg Toland and Bernard Herrmann was the music composer?
Name the members of  boards of Freedom of the City and Trinity House?
Name the company with product lines like Visual studio and Surface ?
How many contries surround the seas on the banks of which is the city of Cancun?
Name the other wine region of the grapes whose one of the wine region is Michigan?
Which administrative region leader is Sukhumbhand Paribatra and was founded by  Rama I?
Name the largest city of the country where the body of Amit Saigal was discovered?
Who founded the city where First Church of Christ, Scientist is located?
Los Angeles Lakers is the team of which basketball players?
What are the movies produced by Michael Deeley?
Where is the headquarter of Regional Transit Authority of Southeast Michigan ?
What are the awards won by the parent of Daniel Bergmans?
What is the common debut team of the Butch Metzger and Dan Otero?
What place is the birthplace of Vijay Chavan where Eka Lagnachi Teesri Goshta is located as well?
Collect and return a list of things in the area where Spanish language is used?
Where is Hafthor Julius Bjornsson from?
What writers have nationality as Statelessness?  
Music for what was made by someone who died of a cardiovascular disease?
What famous musicians play the remo?
Name the music artist which collaborated with the spouse of Jessi Colter?
Among which city where Geography Club played also had the Kenticky Cycle ?
Does Lousana lie at the end of Alberta Highway 42?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whose one of the sports is baketball ?
Amongst the winner of Lovelace medal, who has John Robert as doctoral supervisor ?
What things have founded place as United States and New Mexico?
Which television shows has sound format as 5.1 surround?
Who is the producer of the single which was the subsequent work of He's a Liar?
List the people who influenced the comedian who acted in Good Hair ?
To what other locations does the airlines have flights, who also fly to Birmingham?
Name the television show whose creator is Simon Fuller and presented by Ryan Seacrest?
Does the Westchester Avenue fall under the Bronx?
In how many places has Garbage recorded their songs?
How many cars can I find related to the cars which have a V8 engine?
What products do US companies make?
How many characters are there in The Office?
Name the person with opponents Ike Clanton and Tom McLaury?
Who first ascented a mountain of Mount Hoffmann ?
Which  science fiction show has Steven Moffat as executive producer ?
Who all play for the teams performing in the united center?
How many parties have come in power in elections where Y. S. Rajasekhara Reddy won?
Where did Wallace Dollase die?
In which state is Red Willow Creek?
Who is the founder of the trade union with whom Amalgamated Clothing Workers of America is affiliated?
Who operates the railway line which begins in Minneapolis?
What is the nation of the speedway league where Ikaros Smederna played?
How many non fiction topics does Thud! deals with?
Which route start of Moscow-Kazan high-speed railway is the home stadium of 2011-12 FC Spartak Moscow ?
Which party of Rishang Keishing is the leader at Manendragarh ?
How many people were in a youthclub which played in the Argentine Primera Division?
What is the home town of the musician of Jack your Body ?
In which branch of the government does James L. McConaughy belong?
in which country does the river end which originates in Lebrsnik?
Where did Andy Wyant die and Robert Rodi was born in?
Which person constituency is Duboce Triangle, San Francisco and military unit is USS Kittiwake (ASR-13)?
What is the occupation of the band members of The Shirelles?
Which American football player is a former team player of Indianapolis Colts and current team is Michigan Wolverines?
List the mountains of the range Sierra Nevada (U.S.) located in  California?
List the television shows whose distributors are located at Burbank, California.
What is the common relegion of Miao people  and the country where Guru Purnima is celebrated ?
In which university did Harlan Mathews study, where Richard Meriil Atkinson went too?
What kind of buildings were designed by Pyusawhti?
What is the owning company of the bank whose parent is Sony Financial ?
What are some gymnasts coached by Amanda Reddin?
Katharevousa writers have been given which awards?
What are some mammals whose phylum is Chordate?
How many developers have worked on games of the Oddworld series?
Name the home ground of  2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
Which video game composed by Hirokazu Tanaka can be played on virtual Console ?
What is the resting place of the engineer who was the architect of Plaza on DeWitt?
Where are the cooper mountain vineyards and Mt. bachelor ski area located?
How many tenants are there in the Mercedes Benz Superdome?
What is the affiliation of the hospital where Alfred Blalock works?
How many genres gave birth to other genres which emphasize Bass Guitars?
How many bands began in Birmingham?
Where does the river end which starts in Richmond Park?
How many causes of death have been associated with American citizens?
Louis Dunbar is the coach of which basketball team ?
Was Noko a band member of Luxuria?
Charles Willing Byrd was the governor under which politician?
Do the asiana airlines fly  to Jeju airport?
For how many teams have the league players of Czech Extraliga, previously played?
Which television show is the subsequent work of Frasier and the opening theme is Gary Portnoy?
Count the number of sports played by university which also plays Taekwondo ?
What continent of the world has Baja California peninsula and also has WEPG in one of it's cities?
Rashid Behbudov State Song Theatre and Baku Puppet Theatre can be found in which country?
What is the service of the Laemmle Theatres and is also the award of the Jos Rivera (playwright)?
Which football players currently have their contracts with Stoke City F.C.?
What are the cities around the sea which flows into the Atlantic?
Artists trained at art students league NY are buried where?
What is the municipality of Liberty Bell ?
Who is the owner of Bloomberg L.P. ?
What is the location of death of the skier who was the bronze medalist of Alpine skiing at the 1964 Winter Olympics  Men's slalom ?
What is the debut team of the american football player who studied in North Fort Myers High School?
In which races did Mouse Morris take part?
Who are the writers of South Park: The Stick of Truth?
What is the leading party in Baraily which Chandra Shekhar too is associated with?
Whose commanders are Colin Powell and Jaber Al-Ahmad Al-Sabah?
Name the fictional character who was in Terminator and portrayer is Terminator 2: Judgment Day?
List the trainers of Shinya Aoki ?
What do typically NGOs work for?
What does the river end on whose border we find in Bjelasnica?
List few schools situated in Reading, Berkshire ?
Who preceded Lucius Crus as an office holder?
How many universities participate in the NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision?
Where is the senator from whose successor was James belford?
What is the state of origin of Thomas Pfyl ?
What is the nationality of the successor of Nii Okaidja Adamafio ?
By which university is the literary magazine named Stone Canoe published?
Is Plymouth High School for Girls in Devon county?
Give me a count of companies located in Texas ?
Name the company whose one of the product is Pixar Image Computer and has one of the key person as Edwin Catmull?
Who is the cover artist of Doctor Mirabilis (novel) ?
list some shawnee people?
Name the office holder whose predecessor is Henry E. Catto, Jr. and successor is Adrian A. Basora?
Who is the common prime minster of William Deaner and mark Latham ?
What is the parent company of company which owns Sony Bank?
How many games are played at universities in Metro Manilla?
Name all sitcoms whose theme music is made by Miley Cyrus?
Who is the former partner of the pupil of Dalilah Sappenfield?
Who is the Pole driver of 1992 Canadian Grand Prix ?
Which city's neighboring municipalities are Lancy and  Pregny-Chambsy?
Which home town of PAvel Moroz is the death location of the Yakov Estrin ?
What is the country whose speaker of the Dewan Rakyat is Pandikar Amin Mulia?
Which mainter of  Cheasty Boulevard South is also the county seat of the King County, Washingtonsu ?
From what countries have people participated in the Excelsior Stakes?
What are the largest cities in each of the destinations of TranStar Airlines?
Which writer is famous for works written by Neil Gaiman?
Who all have been a president of educational institutes in Paud?
Who is the developer of the software which serves the platform for King's Quest VI?
Who was in youth clubs of FC Barcelona and Newell's Old Boys?
For which country did Alexander Lippisch design airplanes?
What do the relatives of James Hartness do?
Who is the appointer of William Cushing ?
Who is the former partner of Chris Knierim ?
Who is  office holder of constituencies Duboce Triangle and Noe Valley ?
What is the university attended by the baseball player who's known for Olin Corporation?
How many different kinds of softwares have been released under the GPL license?
What is the religion of the relatives of Carmela Soprano ?
In all the grand prixes where the first team was Scuderia Ferrari, who all were the pole drivers?
What is the citizenship of Erastus Wiman ?
What are some awards given to the french people?
where are the sister stations of CFRB broadcasted?
What awards have been once awarded to Ingmar Bergman, and have employed the service of Laemmle Theatres?
Is the Kia Sportage similar to the Hyundai Lavita?
Name the district of Robert William Wilcox ?
What are the video games composed by Hirokazu Tanaka?
What are the academic interest of Philip Novak?
Tandem Computers is the subsidiary of which company?
Name the mountain range in which the mountain peak of Malatraix belongs?
Who offers the services of OneDrive and Outlook.com?
What is the location of the Walter Evans Edge office which is also the place of birth of henry Miller ?
List down the prime ministers of Peter Thorneycroft ?
What is the division of the companies who make Runes of Magic?
List the birthplace of the medicians who studied in Harvard.
What are the movies whose director of photography is Jordan Cronenweth?
Which river ends at  Thames Estuary and North Sea?
What is the university whose affiliations is Graham Holdings Company?
What is the division of Serbia national American football team ?
How many companies are located in Toronto ?
From where is Quinn Ojinnaka billed?
What are the movies whose editor died in Westwood, Los Angeles?
What are the software which uses  platforms as ARM architecture?
Which are the comics characters painted by Bruce Timm and created by  Paul Dini?
Where did Jerry Tagge do his elementary schooling?
Who worked at  A Goon's Deed in a Weary World and CBS?
Wo which countries have the members of Ukrainian ministry of internal affairs swore their oath?
Which rivers start at the Brower's Spring?
In which movies directed by Orson Welles has Bernard Herrmann as music composer ?
Who is the builder of Presidio Santa Cruz de Terrenate ?
List all the home stadium of the soccer clubs which has one of the home stadium as Nairobi ?
What is the largest city in the country where the San Marcos River originates?
Is David Cameron the prime minister of Nick Clegg?
Which musician was born in Harriman, NY?
In which areas is the radio station broadcasted which is a sister station of WXME ?
What common teams do Ramiro Pea and Bruce Bochy share?
In which continent do Air 2000 and Novair International airways operate?
How many shows are aired on Comedy Central?
List all the settlements which has a part named Seguin,Texas ?
Which awards have Ingmar Bergman won?
What are the products of the company who published Robot Wars: Metal Mayhem ?
In which state is Colemanville Covered Bridge located ?
Where did the partner of Teriitaria II die?
Name the licensee of the TV station whose one of the licensee is Incorporation ?
What is the company of Ford Theatre ?
For all the senators who once studied in Sturm College of Law, give their burial place?
Did Jim Kiick do his highschool in New Jersey?
What are Monrow Carell Jr Children Hospital and Vanderbilt University Medical Center both affiliated with?
Name the writer whose one of the notable work is Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and died in Redding, Connecticut?
Which official residence of hugh Scott is also the origin of Long Rifle ?
How many politicians are in the US Senate?
What is the name of the person who has relations with Dionne Warwick and Gary Garland?
What is the job of the George Arceneaux, Jr. which is also the office of the Blanche Bruce
Which moto of american Classical League is also the academic discipline of Probus ?
List all the major shrines of the saints which has one of the shrines as Debre Libanos ?
Name the fictional character whose relatives are Huey, Dewey, and Louie and belongs to Duck family ?
What is the ideology of the Union of Cambodian Democrats which is also the ideology of Palang Dharma Party ?
How many bands are signed up with labels which were founded in Japan?
How many kings and queens have died in the Arabian Peninsula?
What is the bloomington viaduct built to cross?
Which party has come in power at both Balangir and Amaravila in india?
How many politicians reside in Cape Town?
How many games are released for virtual consoles?
Saores de costa built a bridge over which river?
Is Lieutenant general (United States) the superintendent of United States Air Force Academy?
In what movies did Akira Ifukube compose the music?
Is the national endowment of arts under the jurisdiction of federal government of US?
Who is the operator of Rainbow Warrior (1955) ?
List the guest of the show The Other Side (The Outer Limits)?
What is the common location of  tomb of the Elizabeth of Rhuddlan and Isabel of Cambridge?
To which state eorge M. Chilcott  belong ?
What are some products of the company whose parent is BBC?
Which producer of  the Eristoff is also the  distributor of  Bombay Sapphire?
How many islands belong to archipelagos located in the pacific?
Who was the chairman of Fort Lauderdale Strikers and also 2015 Fort Lauderdale Strikers season ?
What are some video games whose music is composed by an employ of the company Creatures?
Who were in the youth clubs that were in season of 2015 Argentine Primera Division?
How many units follow the US Navy Department's command structure?
Name the home Stadium of Kenya national under-20 football team ?
Which city do both Arthur Ross and Edward Niesen come from?
Which associat of Martin Pugh is also married to Alana Stewert ?
How many people played for Newell's Old Boys?
Where do the stockholders of Pathaninaikos F.C. live?
What is the common school of Chris Marve and Neria Douglass?
Give me the count of artist in the company whose Artist is Jean- Franois Cot ?
How many bands have members currently playing the Fender Stratocaster?
Who has built the stadiums which were rented by the Central american games of 2013?
What has been founded in the state that Denton county, Texas is a part of?
Which politicians son is buried in Metairie Cementery?
Titus software publishes which genre of games?
Which fictional character's relative is Clan McDuck and belongs to American Pekin duck ?
Which military people served their allegiance to Union (American Civil War)?
Which border country of the Korean Peninsula is also the country of Krusty, a musical group ?
Mac OS is the operating system of how many things?
What are the television shows whose Composer is Stewart Copeland?
List the border of the admin region which shares border with North Korea ?
What is the draft team of the Antoine Bibeau and also has player named Nathan Dempsey ?
Through which important cities the does the river originating from the Duwamish, flow?
Name the TV show whose producer is Stephen E. Ambrose and company is HBO ?
List the broadcast area of the TV stations which also serves in Agalga ?
Into what military organizations is the United States Department of Defense divided?
Whose deputy is Neil Brown?
In which broadcast area does the sister station of KFFG air ?
Was Neil Armstrong on the Gemini 8 mission?
which astronaut's mission was Apollo 11?
What is debut team of the baseball players who died in Los Angeles?
Which company owns instagram?
List all the former partners of the figure skater whose one of the former partner was Andrea poapst ?
List all the operators of the train who operates in Budapest ?
What are the awards won by the producer of Puss in Boots (film)?
Which president had lieutenants whose governor was Bill Clinton?
Name the species of Liger ?
In which state is the alma matter of Jan Paulsen located ?
How many politicians are in the militia?
In which wars were people from the Saudi Arabian ministry of defense involved?
Who were the first drivers in Grand Prixes where the first team was Scuderia Ferrari?
How many things do bridges designed by the UEM group go over?
Under which US president was a politician in opposition of John G Schmitz?
Whose theme music is composed by the band one of whose member is Les Claypool?
Who has recorded their singles in London?
Who are the associated musical artist of the  artists of band Shorty Rogers?
Who were the american football players who played for Dallas Cowboys?
Politicians born in Bangalore are now in which parties?
What is the debut team of the baseball player who was born in Williamsburg, Kansas ?
Name the composer of motorpsycho Nitemare ?
Is James Hetfield a band member of Metallica?
Does the Vadodara Railway station lie at the end of the Mathura Vadodara route?
Stan Van Gundy serves as a head coach and president for which basketball team?
Which appliance's CPU is Cell (microprocessor) and predecessor is PlayStation 2?
People who debuted from Houston Astros have played in which clubs?
Radios on what topics can be tuned in to in Washington DC?
Give me some shows related to the ones created by Russell Davies
What provides the services of Nintendo eShop and Nintendo Network?
What is the territory of the conflict whose commander is Feng Zicai?
Name the person who was educated at Harvard-Westlake and won the Screen Actor Guild Life Achievement Award ?
Which is the common nation of Louisa Hill and American Football Wellington from?
Which club of Michael Springer is also the parent organization of Syracuse University press ?
Which company created BASIC and Language Integrated Query ?
Hugh Hefner is editor of which magazine?
Who  works  at the American Magazine and New York Post?
Whihc successor of McDonnell Douglas was built bu Delta 3 ?
Which countries share a similar sociocultural and ethnic heritage of that of Native Indonesians?
What is the residence of the person, who starred in Men Will Be Men ?
What people are known to work for Johnny Cash?
In which state is Goose Lake Valle, which is also part of Lava River Cave ?
Where did some of the matches take place where Columbus Crew SC played?
How many awards have been given to Italians?
Count the number of cities around the American Mediterranean Sea?
List the first drivers of Grand Prixes where Mika Hakkinen was a pole driver.
How many movies have their music signed up with Sony Music Entertainment.
What is the nationality of the David King-Wood and John Steed ?
What are the television shows whose network is BBC HD?
To which party does the politician belong, who was born in Nandurbar?
Name the people who were in a youth club managed by Luis Enrique ?
What is the local authority of Liverpool Institute High School for Boys ?
What is the destinations of the airline whose headquarters is in Manchester?
who married crystal harris?
Which job of Irving Chernev is the non-fiction subject of the Thud ?
Who gave the voice to the characters sculpted by Clamp?
Where are the tombs of kings and queens who have died in England?
Is Lloyd  Nosler the editor of The Temptress?
Who are the people whose alumna is a part of the National Collegiate Athletic Association?
On what subject does WTJC-LP air?
Name the television show whose voice is given by April Stewart and it's distributor is Broadcast syndication?
In which city is the building, whose part is the Martin AN/FSG1 anti aircraft system?
Who wrote A house not meant to stand and Akale?
Who managed England national under-20 football team and Middlesbrough F.C.?
Who developed the software which is used as operating system of Magic Trackpad ?
Was the USS Tillamook built in Seattle?
Who produced the TV shows for Fremantle Media?
What is the home stadium of the soccer club seasons whose chairman is Merritt Paulson?
In which state is Dorchester Bay (Boston Harbor) ?
Name the veneration of the monarch who is the predecessor of Solomon?
Who was the director of photography of Mickey's Mellerdrammer and the animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth?
Who is the builder of Estadio Nacional de Costa Rica and also location of Xianren Cave ?
Which distributer of Glover (video game) is also the  publisher of the Super Mario Adventures ?
How many movies did Michael Deeley produce?
Is Steve Nash the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
Who is a famous relative of Aaround Van Heemstra?
What awards have been given to the anyone who raced in the Lawrence Realization Stakes?
How many battles have involved commanders of 1st Free French Division?
How many areas are led by Willem Alexander?
Name the movie in which Vangelis gave the music and Jordan was the cinematographer ?
In how many places are the companies founded in Canada operating?
Count the number of movies whose editors were born in UK?
What is the television show whose cast members are Jeff Conaway and Jason Carter?
Which countries were led by Pietro Parolin?
List the sports played in private universities.
What state has a Brideun School for Exception Children and is the birthplace  of B J Crombeen?
Who is the performer of album which has the song "To Where You Are" ?
How many companies were founded in places where Dallas is the governing body ?
What Orson Welles directed movie has  photography director as Gregg Toland ?
Who founded the city at the end of the Pittsburgh Line route?
Name the hubs of the airlines whose headquarters is in the Subang Interchange?
Name the television show whose network is TNT (TV channel) and Prime Time Entertainment Network?
List the honorary title given to the spouse of Lillian Disney ?
How many games have a publisher based in US?
Where does the rail route, which ends at the Moskovsky station, begins?
How many people have played for the NBA?
Name the musician who gave the music in Tonight's the night and is also wedded to Alana Stewart ?
What is the nationality of the golf player who won the  2002 Players Championship ?
Which builder of Edwin Andrews Air Base isalso place of birth of the Akinoumi Setsuo ?
Who penned Emma and Jane Austen in Manhatten?
How many labels sign up progressive rock artists?
Which continents can be reached by flight companies available on Gatwick Airport?
Where is Benjamin Franklin Terry buried, and US Route 59 has a junction?
Do Ctenochaetus Binotatus lie in the cActinopterygii class?
Who are some authoritative persons on the matter of Megabalanus concinnus?
Where the club of Kiki Cutter located?
List the awards won by the wife of Ingrid von Rosen.
Which current Michigan Wolverines team member debuted in Chicago Bears ?
List the movie whose music was given by Geoffrey Burgon and distributed by Cinema International Corporation?
Which musical artists have collaborated with Waylon Jennings?
What is the Nickname of the school where Jeff Hornacek studied  ?
Where did the people canonized by John Paul II die?
Who is the owner of Ford Motor Credit comapny which is also the builder of FORD SHO V8 engine ?
Count the different genres of games published by Titus Software
Who has produced movies that have a James Horner score?
Which movie produced by Michael Deeley was distributed by Warner Bros ?
Name the person whose daughter is Rohan Marley and also another children named Sharon Marley ?
Which shows are voiced be US citizens?
Name the television show voiced by April Stewart and Eliza Schneider?
Count the different places where the people died, who were born in England?
What are some relatives of Battle of the Bulge veterans?
Who made the Y block engine and the SHO V8 engine?
How many different genres of games are produced by Blizzard?
Which tennis players live in Kenthurst, new south wales?
In which religions are both Pope Gregory 1 and Edwin of northumbria reverred?
How many things are located in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Name the sea whose inflow is Kemijoki and outflow is Danish straits?
What award was won by executive producer of Shaun the Sheep?
Was the altazor drawn by Picasso?
What is the operator of SR class 3Sub ?
Which key person of the Clinton Foundation is also the president of Edward J. Perkins ?
Name the royalty whose daughter was Cleopatra V and was married to Ptolemy XIV of Egypt?
How many times has Jeff Conaway been casted?
who are some miss michigan usa?
What nicknames do the universities in Norton, Massachusetts have?
Which license of the Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the  product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group 
What is the regional radio sports network associated with?
List the destinations of the airlines which also serves Mediterranean  Sea ?
Which fictional character's portrayer was edited by Roger Barton?
What can be cooked out of things belonging to the order Sapindales?
What is the birth place of the children of Miguel Garca Granados ?
List the fields of Sylvain Lvi ?
List the  primeministers of Victor Hope, 2nd Marquess of Linlithgow ?
Where do the airlines garrisoned at Manchester airport fly to?
What all is owned by a company one of whose division is Paramount Domestic Television?
Name the language of I Love How You Love Me ?
Count the number of places where alumini of Edinburgh university have died?
Which label released the movie written by Thomas Meehan?
What is the venue of Indy PopCon ?
Who are the associate musical artists of Dalma Kovcs ?
What is the common religious affiliation of the Wickramabahu Central College (National School) and that of  Vesak?
Name a person whose sucessor was Adrian A. basora and was educated at Harvard-Westlake School?
Name the other party of Chandra Shekhar ?
How many movies have had a cinematographer who died in US?
Which cities were in the TV Show which came after The Ultimate Fighter: Brazil 2?
What actor of Le Cirque is a relative of Maryanne Trump barry?
Does Stanley Cavell study Shakespeare?
Who is the label of The Producers (2005 film) ?
Which nearest city of LoDaisKa Site is also the location of Oskar Blues Brewery ?
Count the number of different religions that field marshals have followed?
Does Beth Tweddle play for the City of Liverpool gymnast club?
Count the awards given to the recepients of the Becket fund for religious liberty.
Which river flows through Central Washington?
List all the narrator of the albums which had Alan Barzman as one of the narrator ?
People born in Saint-Amand-en-Puisaye are famous for what things ?
Which founder of European School, karlsruhe is also the jursdiction of Eurpoean Border of Coast guard ?
What cars were built upon the cars which were assembled in Canada?
How many religions are followed by the people in the Royal Thai Army?
Which politicians live in a city led by T.S. Thakur?
How many guests have been there on broadway?
List the significant buildings of the arch. whose one of the important work is Government Building, Kiev ?
Count everything garrisoned at the pentagon?
What common relegion affiliation exists for udit Raj and Wickramabahu Central College ?
What is the city  of the 2015 MLS All-Star Game and birthplace of the The Okee Dokee Brothers
How many people were opponents of the ones buried in the tower of London?
Count all the places where companies located in Ontario operate.
What is the river whose origin is North-Western Province, Zambia?
How many factions have fought when Egushawa was a commander?
What is the honorary title of the narrator of Everything Will Be OK?
What is the layout of the automobiles designed by Olivier Boulay?
What people were born in Ridgewood, New Jersey?
Which content license of the MSX BASIC is also the profession of the Laura K. Ipsen ?
Which predecessor of the PlayStation 4 is also the developer of Oddworld: Munch's Oddysee?
Who is the appointer of Charles Goodell ?
Does the hudson river flow into the lower manhatten?
Which distributer of Glover is also the stockholde of Seattle Mariners ?
Name the person whose mother name is Cedella Booker and has a son named Sharon Marley?
Name the Chris Marve's school ?
List the websites which the authors of Tornado own ?
What are the movies whose music composer is Akira Ifukube?
Which military personnel belong to the branch of Continental Army?
Who have rented the stadium operated by Maple Leaf S&E?
Which holy things canonized John of Damascus?
Solon Spencer Beman has architected in how many cities?
What are the main interests of Timothy Morton?
Name someone known for a project involved in the Occupation of Japan?
Count all those who previously played for a team which ownes Varsity Stadium ?
Name the sea with Helsinki as one of the shore city and is also an outflow for Danish straits?
Count the awards won by the people who graduated from the National and Kapodistrian University of Athens.
What awards have been given to the dude who made Shaun the Sheep?
Name the office holders whose successor died in Morristown, New Jersey?
What are the movies with Daniel Waters as screenwriter?
Which awards are presented by the committee located in Stockholm?
What is the common product of the Apple Productivity Experience Group and services of the 21Vianet ?
Who are the tenants of MasterCard Centre?
Count the  area of the radio stations whose serves in South Carolina ?
How many games are played at universities affiliated with the Association of Southeast Asian Institutions of Higher Learning?
Which adminstrative region of Lawrence F. Cafero is also the resting place of Samuel Keeler ?
Who studied in universities located in suburbs?
List down the cinematographers of Mickey's Mellerdrammer?
List the relative of Tim Nanai-Williams ?
Who are the  judges of the television show whose anchor is Josh Groban?
Who starred in Nothing in Common and produced From the Earth to the Moon?
 Wringer (novel) and Maniac Magee is the notable work of which author?
What all are written in the C programming language?
What are the artists that have been in the band Framptons camel?
Count the number of artists in the Cirque du Soleil discography?
By which companies is RENFE Class 333 designed?
Which are the previous broadcast networks of sister channels of WGBC?
What are the movies whose director is Orson Welles?
What is the religion of character of Janice Soprano from The Soprano television show?
which planet was discovered by Urbain Le Verrier?
?What are the airline hubs of Cascade Airways
Where did the editor of Charlie Mensuel die ?
Name the chairman of the soccer club for which Mike Salmon currently plays?
Which Harris County based company is a subsidiary of Tandem Computers?
What is the common licence of the Frontaccounting and nUbuntu?
What sport is Eric Schiller known for, and employes Craig Van Tibury?
How many rivers are crossed by different Box Girder bridges?
Which Monty Python's movie is distributed by Cinema International Corporation ?
Was tupac a member of Outlawz?
Count the number of members of the organization which have Austria as one of the member ?
List the other members of the team where Jason Hayne currently plays?
Who is married to Susan Weber Soros?
list  the producer of the movies in which Rosemarie DeWitt in the star cast?
Which political party of Arunachal Pradesh Legislative Assembly election, 2014 was the leader of Rishikesh ?
How many groups have fought in wars where Richard Taylor fought too?
Is Another Lonely Night in New York by the musical band Robin Gibb?
To which settlement does Elliot Bay belong to?
What are the albums whose artists have performed with the Tangerine Dream?
Name the river on Batoka Gorge Hydroelectric Power Station ?
Did chris lebenzon edit Batman returns?
Which people are known for appearing on the television show Dragon's Den?
What university campuses are situated in Indiana?
Who is the authority of Maine School of Science and Mathematics ?
List some writers which speak one of the Germanic languages.
What are some awards given to people who were born in sweden?
ITV employes how many people?
What band has Joe Hahn and Chester Bennington?
Is the assembly of tofa ahin ethopia?
Was the street dogs of south central narrated by Queen Latifah?
Name some schools with a bison as their mascot?
What has Carl Sagan written his books about?
In which state does the university which is the alma mater of Mateusz Morawiecki lie?
Who voiced in Peanuts Motion Comics and The Peanuts Movie?
Who is the owner of the bank where Thomas Secunda works ?
What are some US citizens famous for?
Who founded a company which served Mid Wales ?
British people have edited which movies?
Who is the leader of the town where the Myntdu river originates?
List the home town of the bands whose label is Alive Naturalsound Records ?
Which broad cast area od CFRX is the country of North America Poker Tour ?
List the subsequent work of the albums whose one of the subsequent work is Planet Waves?
Name some basketball players whose team is coached by Fred Hoiberg?
Give me some administrators of bridges over which cars can go?
Who are some US colonels?
Where did Meg McGuffin graduated ?
Was Citizen Kane cinematographed by Gregg Toland?
Count the different alma maters of people employed by the CNN
What are the awards won by the person who is an authority of Latania verschaffeltii ?
Where did Steve Romeo dies ?
How many universities are in the National Collegiate Athletic Association?
Which company developed the language designed by Lars Bak?
What is the mascot of the army unit whose commander is Peter Cosgrove ?
What is the common citizenship between JSM Hopoer and Robert Valentine ?
Which country gave birth to the Lemberger LD20b and Start+Flug H101 aircrafts?
Which religion followers are the members of Janata Dal?
Where are INKAS located which is also the state of origin for Jojo Chintoh ?
What is the workplace of Christopher S. Stewart ?
What are some things people born in Louisiana are famous for?
Where did Fort Lauderdale Strikers season of 16 take place?
Who is the founder of Hohenau, Paraguay?
Who gave the musical score  of 9 to 5 (musical) ?
Who are the spouse of the actors of Wrongfully Accused?
Count all that was built by a company whose leader is Kazuo Hirai?
Which producer of Wizards and the aliens is also the notable work of russell T Davies ?
Which coach of England national under 21 footbal team is also the coach of Aston Villa F.C season ?
For which band did Dave Hollister perform in the past?
Name the scientist who is known for inventing Anthrax and was a member of Royal Society?
Which show developed by Brain Graden has theme music composed by Primus ?
Which builder has made concrete bridges?
What is the serving railway line of Rostov-Glavny ?
How many different products are there of the companies located in the US?
What is that river whose source gets water from the Shannon cave?
How many licensee are there, of the radio stations whose area is Nashville, Tennessee ?
What is the allegiance of the Albert Kwesi Ocran and state of origin of the Jojo Chintoh ?
Who is the headcoach of 2008-09 Marquette Golden Eagles men's basketball team ?
Who is the vice president of Jared Bernstein ?
What is the name of the information appliance by sony whose predecessor is PlayStation 2?
Who is the monarch of Bertalan Szemere ?
What actor starred in Splash and is married to Rita Wilson?
What is the place of birth of Lauren Briggs ?
What is the river on which the Kariba Dam and Batoka Gorge Hydroelectirc power station exist?
Players from how many teams have participated in the National Hockey League?
What are some causes of death of European Americans?
Did Stan Lee create the Iceman comics?
What is the order of the Omar D. Conger where Robert Sarvis was also the nominee ?
Which hockey team is coached by mike babcock?
Which battle of  Khalid bin Sultan was also the conflict of Steve Buyer ?
What are the movies whose editor is Robert Wise?
List the music of Open House (American Horror Story)?
What are the television shows whose network's sister station is BBC Two?
Where did the narrators of the Championship snooker die?
What are the relatives of the rugby player one of whose relatives is Nick Williams?
Who is the performer of Bengali in Platforms ?
What are some families of mammals in the animal kingdom?
Where is the headquarters of the public transit system which owns the American Boulevard (Metro Transit station) located ?
How many things are people who died in St. Petersburg known for?
List down the important people of The Elders ?
Which TV show's executive producer is Douglas Netter and composed by Stewart Copeland ?
Does nintendo have a division called Nintendo Entertainment Planning & Development?
Name the rivers which originate from within Pittsburg?
In how many nations is Coconut a common food ingredient?
Where do the rivers from greater London flow into?
Which football teams are in a city where Oakland Athletics were the tenants?
Who all have created new kinds of cookies?
What country is Jeffrey Werleman from, which also has the American Mediterranean Sea?
List the television shows whose network's owning company is Turner Broadcasting System?
List the schools of the athlete with Balgowan as one of the school ?
Which company was the designer of South African class 11e and RENFE class 333 ?
For how many things are people famous, who were born in Nebraska?
List the maintainers of Pandaruan Bridge?
List the starring of the movies whose label is T-Series ?
What is the home town of the musical artist who is the current members of Slapstick?
What are some rivers in Zambia which have a dam on them?
What is the religion of the successor of Chatumongol Sonakul?
What is the label of the singles whose group is Outlawz ?
What are the television shows whose network's successor is BBC Two?
what does the cahora bassa flow into?
where did Alfred Tarnowski die?
Does Walson Augustin play for the Brothers Union?
In which city is  Arsenal Cider House ? located ?
Name the television show distributed by Broadcast syndication and voiced by Eliza Schneider?
Which operating system provider of LG Optimus Vu is also the employer of Manu Cornet ?
Which country had the county seats as History of Trier and Mediolanum?
List the American MEditerranean Sea city is also the place of death of Laszlo Bellak ?
Name the common record label of I pray on Christmas and Next Thing ?
List down the TV shows whose producer is Stephen E. Ambros and writer is John Orloff ?
What is the alma mater of Fikret Orman?
Where are the National Academy Museum and School awardwinners buried?
Where is the person from whose military rank is Airman first class?
Who wrote the US steel hour?
Where is Snake Island located ?
List all the co-founders of the non for profit which have founding member as David pressman ?
What is the home town of the Rolando Gomez is the DOD of the Clyde McNeal ?
Which soccer players are currently playing for NYC FC?
Name a writer who was educated in Saint Petersburg and had a son named Lyubov Dostoyevskaya ?
What shows used to air on the channel which was earlier known as "The Comedy Central"?
Which company owns Evraz ?
How many party leaders are there whose parties are headquartered in Berlin?
Where was the trainer of Java Gold born?
Where can I find some buildings of modern architecture?
Who are the people who played for San Francisco 49ers?
Was Zachary Taylor a commander of the sixth infantry regiment of US?
Name a famous relative of barry voight
With which artist did the musical artist of Groove Thang collaborated ?
Where is the office of P Elmo Futrell Jr?
Name the scientist who was awarded a position in Royal Society and has academic advisor as Franz Brentano?
What are the last two studio albums of Moondog Matinee ?
Where can i find salad based food?
Does Walson Augustin play as a midfielder?
List places that are associated to cities in the state of Mecklenburg-Vorpommern.
Which awards did the writer, who is  the creator of Creature Comforts, won ?
Who all have written songs that were then recorded in the Criteria Studios?
Count the number of sports played by the universities whihc also plays Volleyball ?
Is Sao Paulo the largest city of Brazil?
Which educational institutes have campuses at Iowa and Indiana ?
In which areas are the radio stations of Monticello, Maine available too?
Through how many labels has Katy B released her singles?
Who appointed William L. Dayton ?
Is PIAS Recordings the distributing label of Wichita Recordings?
Was Gerald Gibbs the cinematographer of X the unknown?
Trevor Peacock has narrated in which movie?
To which educational institutions did Lesli Sanchez go for her studies?
What are some famous artists who rocked a Les Paul?
Name the sstadium of 2015 Pro Duta FC season ?
Name some people who are buried in a place governed by the US Department of the Interior?
Pointe d'Aveneyre belongs to which mountain range?
Jerry Bock's musicals has been adapted from how many things?
Which country has leaders  Karu Jayasuriya and Ranil Wickremesinghe?
Count the movies edited by  Mark Stevens (film editor) and were directed by Joel Schumacher?
In which city was the company founded , which owns Grasim Bhiwani Textiles?
What television shows's distributor is Eurovision?
List the judge of the TV show whose one of the judge is Ludacris ?
Whose youth clubs used to participate in Argentine Primera Division?
List some people who were opponents of someone who was died by hanging? 
Who owns the railway line which goes through the Newark Station?
Which magazine's editor is married to Crystal Harris?
Is Compaq a software company?
What is the currency of the country of Kerguelen Islands?
Which sitcom is broadcasted by FOX and presented by Brian Dunkleman?
Which sports are played in the alma mater of Amitava Datta?
What is the parent company of Edsel?
What are some TV shows whose voice actors are from Truckee, California, US?
Which person won Screen actors Guild Life Time Achievement award and has resting palce in Palo Alto, California ?
How many shows are made by Playtone?
List the mascot of the universities which are a part of  National Collegiate Athletic Association.
What is the route junction of Rhode Island Route 15 ?
Does the owyhee river flow into oregon?
What is the famous relative of Mrunalini Kunte known for?
From which country is Lawrence Okoye's nationality ?
From which party is the politician who was selected  in Barasat constituency?
Name the associate acts of  Martin Pugh?
Who authored the work illustrated by Hiroyuki Takei?
Who was the president at the time when both Carl Stokes and Joseph Stiglitz held a position in US political framework?
List all the presidents of the school which had atleast one of the president as Queen Noor of Jordan ?
Which TV show's  opening theme is The Best of Both Worlds (song) and executive producer is Steven Peterman?
What are the tenants of Mercedes-Benz Superdome?
What is the birth city of trainer of Leallah?
What are some TV shows similar to the one produced by Susie Liggat?
Which television show is based in Massachusetts and has opening theme as "Where Everybody Knows Your Name" ?
Name the software which has been developed by John Fanning ?
What is the mouth mountain of Current River (Missouri) ?
Who has canonized someone who's a doctor of the church?
was the first national bank and trust building architectured by Chicago?
Did Tupac write the lyrics of Holler If Ya Hear Me?
Where is the tombstone of the parliament members who served with James Roberts as the Vice President, US?
What is the nationality of the entomologist who is a renowned authority of Smerinthus saliceti ?
Where is the ground of the soccer club, which has Alan Kusov as a team member ?
From where did the son of Gustavo Rojas Pinilla graduate?
What currencies are prevalent in the countries governed by the President of France?
Which company manufactured Delta III?
In which fields are pupils of Edouard Chavannes working?
Who is the artist of Time Radio hour ?
List the prospect team of Robin Kovacs ?
Where did the genres originate, which were in the Harry and the Potters album?
How many sitcoms are there whose theme music is composed by a New Yorker?
Which band made the song Take me There, and has collaborated with Blayse in the past?
Who was succeeded by Arthur Gegei as the office ho0lder ?
Whose successors are Robert P. Smith and Adrian A. Basora?
Give me a count of movies whose editor is Mark Stevens?
How many other awards have been given to people who have won the Golden Globe?
Name the mountain located in California and has parent peak as Nevado de Toluca ?
Which person works at the American Magazine?
What was developed by someone working in Cockroach Labs?
The people who did their high school in Palm City, Florida did their college where?
Where is the radio broadcasted in, whose sister station is CKFM-FM?
List the spanish football player in the NYC FC ?
Does the San Macros River start in Texas?
Which stadium's operator works in the Pepsi Center?
What is the academic discipline of the Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism and also an ingredient of the Ragout fin ?
Is the national anthem of Mauritius motherland?
In what tv shows did Jason Carter act?
Where is the mouth of the river whose tributary is Bjelimika  Rijeka ?
Which companies make cars with a front engine, rear wheel drive layout?
What is the mascot of the military unit in which Ronald Wilson served?
Did Jerry Siegel create Lois Lane?
Where does Truman McGill Hobbs, United States District Judge live?
Pennsylvania has how many american football teams?
To which sports team is Aubie the mascot?
What is the religious affiliation of Hong Kong Taoist Association Tang Hin Memorial Secondary School ?
What were the major actions taken by the politicians living in Gales Ferry, Connecticut?
What are the software whose operating systems are Mac OS and Microsoft Windows?
What band had  Nick Jonas and Kevin Jonas as former members ?
Which royal people are buried in Rome?
Is Gaza Strip the result of Operation Autumn Clouds?
What artist was associated closely with the bare necessities and rock a doodle?
Which parent company of the Cornell University Press is also the alma mater of the Mario Garca Menocal?
Which religions are followed by people in England?
Where was MacKenzie Miller born?
Is US Navy garrisoned at Arlington County, Virginia?
What company involved in the development of Sherlock did Arthur Levinson work for?
Who was the president during the time the opponent of John Hospers was in the office?
What is the birthplace of the netball player who is the relative of Rachel Rasmussen ?
What is the religion of the academic authority on Ceratosoma tenue?
What is the birth location of the pope who was canonized by Agatha of Sicily?
In which cities are there stations of SCOLA?
Which set of researchers won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society award?
List the members of Skull Gang?
How did Letitia MacTavish Hargrave died ?
Which destination of the Novair International Airway is the source origin of Spaghetti squash ?
Which animator of Tommy Tucker's Tooth is also the film director of Alice's Wonderland ?
The president served by Haqqi al-Azm died where?
Name the mouth country of Upper Neretva ?
What show has writing of Erik Jendresen and Graham Yost?
Name the movies in which music is give by  Laurie Johnson and edited by Anthony Harvey ?
Which  NASA astronaut was on mission Gemini 8?
Give me the places where people who worked in Church of England died in ?
Which assembly of the Plymouth Savoy is the route end of the NorthSouth Transport Corridor?
Who is the producer of the song which is the previous work of He's a Liar ?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and it's mouth is Lena Delta Wildlife Reserve?
How many universities are located in a country led by Olemic Thommessen?
where are renaissance centers located?
Which publisher of Stone Canoe is also the university for which Michael Powell plays for ?
What mascot of the Galatasaray Handball Team is also the team name of Cristo Rey Jesuit high School ?
What is the alma mater of the author of Letter to a Christian Nation ?
Which television shows have been produced by Erik Bork?
What are the gadgets whose manufacturing company is founded by Terry Gou?
What party are Siddharta Shankar Ray and Kamla Beniwal from?
How many books are there whose author's tomb is in Madrid?
What are the television shows whose writers did notable work for Band of Brothers ?
To which political party does the writer of In the Bazaars of Hyderabad belong?
To how many different species does the members of the Animal Kingdom belong?
Where do networks affiliated with ETC broadcast?
What water bodies are nearest to Helsinki city?
Which relative of ralf schumacher is a famous formula one racer?
What country did the successor of William Ofori Atta swear his oath to?
Which countries were the first to play Gumus and Ne daj se, Nina?
Is tahiti in the Society Islands achipelago?
What is the prize awarded to Bruce Beutler ?
To which books Thomas Egerton, an editor?
Where did Marvo originate?
What is the burial place of Iyoas I ?
What sport played in Polytechnic uni of San Juan has also made advocate nasiruddin famous?
What river ends in Indian Ocean and also starts somewhere in Zambia?
Who all have been a commander during the battles of Ohio?
What is the appliance build jointly by Sony and Asus?
How many groups speak the English Language?
Which source of river Raa is the sovereign state of Adriatic sea ?
What was founded by Congress of Industrial Organizations ?
Which current players once played for Toronto argonauts?
What is the religious affiliation of the Neungin High School which is also the academic interest of Sylvain Lvi ?
Give me a count of movies distributed by Warner Bros?
Which magazines were founded by ann Wenner ?
Where is the venue of the History of Penny Arcade Expo located?
Which company is the parent company of Chevrolet Spark ?
Name the TV show distributed by Broadcast Syndication and is broadcasted by comedy central ?
Who was the president at the time when the opponent of Benjamin Spock held office?
List the shrines of the saint whose one of the shrine is Ponza ?
Where is the headquarters of the company which runs the Metro Blue Line in minnesota?
How many people are in the continental army?
Which religion followers are in the Royal Thai Army?
To which senator did military unit VMF-155 belong?
What are the movies whose music is composed by Vangelis?
In which areas can I find wine made of Vitis vinifera grapes?
Which expertise of the Menetries's warbler is the  nationality of the Jeyhun Abiyev ?
Who is the publisher of The Rolling Stone Album Guide ?
Which soccer clubs are in the Liga Divisi Utama?
How many services does 21Vianet provide?
What is the Location of the Dofinivka Estuary which is also the  birthplace of the Liliya Lobanova ?
What are the former team of the american football players who played at gridiron football position ?
What subjects does the subsequent work of The Dragons of Eden deals with  ?
Name the TV show which has judge as harry Connick and is broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company ?
What are some rivers over which there is a box girder bridge?
Whay common comic is written by Karakuri Dji Ultimo and narrated by The Incredible Hulk ?
Which university attended by Donn Barber and education institute of Jack McGregor ?
Where is the lake located into which the Winnipeg River flows?
Which  municipality is neighbored by Cologny and Chne-Bougeries?
Who is the designer of Saleen S5S Raptor ?
Name the newspaper owned by Schibsted and headquartered at Stockholm?
How many party are there of the office holders whose one of the party is Janata Dal ?
Name the first driver of 1999 San Marino Grand Prix ?
What is the scientist whose doctoral students are Erich Bagge and erban ieica?
Who battled under commander Egushawa in a conflict?
How many things have made different people living in Canada famous?
Which is the largest city of Union State ?
Which university has a sports team member called Micheal Powell and also owns Syracuse University Press ?
Is Greg Weeks the band member of Beyond the Sixth Seal?
Ryan Seacrest has been the presenter of how many things?
Was the Model K designed by Herny Ford?
Count the tenants of the stadiums designed by Populous?
Who all have been judges on CTV Network's shows?
How many have former teams as Indianapolis Colts and Carolina Panthers?
What are some movies whose distributer's CEO is Ted Hartley?
What was the stadium of Panionios G.S.S. in 2014-15 season ?
Does Mt St. Peter Churt follow the architectural style of art deco?
Who was the editor of the newspaper owned by the the UK government?
List the Stanley Kubrick's movies which has music by Laurie Johnson  ?
What are the type of Greenup County High School?
Where does the road starting from Madison, Wisconsin end?
To which label did The Producers and I pray on Christmas sign up?
What is sovereignity of the successor of Mr. George Robert Andrews ?
Colin Powell was the commander of which military conflict ?
In which common territory did Sino French war and the Tonkin campaign take place?
What is the label of Next Thing ?
Is Lancy a city close to Geneva?
List down the schools whose mascot's order is Even-toed ungulate?
Name the company whose products is Boeing F/A-18E/F Super Hornet and key person is Raymond Conner?
List the relatives of the governor of Gabriel Slaughter?
In all the states which have a Uniontown, where does a Keller's mill covered bridge exist too?
Who manufactured the Delta III and the Space Shuttle?
How many corporations were founded in Texas?
What is the style of architecture of Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
Which developer of Go was also the predecssor of X compnay ?
List all the houses of United States Congress ?
What companies are located in toronto?
Where does the network cofounded by Seewoosagur Ramgoolam air its shows?
Name the appliance produced by Foxconn and its OS is provided by PlayStation 3 system software ?
Which teams participate in the football seasons headed by Patricia Amorim?
Who was the architect of the stadium currently run by Brandenton?
who operates the south side elevated railroad?
Name few companies founded in Texas?
In which timezone does Khok Kwang lie?
Who directed the albums recorded in Anaheim?
Who has Saint Joseph and Mary as parents ?
How many awards have been received by graduates of University of Melbourne, Faculty of VCA & MCM?
Name the common current team of the Avalon biddle and John mcGuinness ?
What is the result of the GazaIsrael conflict is also  the  place of the Qaqun?
Where are Aureus and Solidus used as currency?
To which military division does Clark Daniel Stearns belong?
Who are the opponents of Gervase Helwys?
Which planet was discovered by Johann Gottfired and Urbain Le Verrier ?
Is Ella Fitzgerald associated with Mickey Roker?
Who is the office holder for constituencies  Castro District and Haight-Ashbury?
Which awards have been given to immunologists?
What are the mountains in the Sequoia National Park?
What is the alma mater of Alvin Bell and Charles Plosser?
Which animator of The Skeleton Dance is also the animator of the Tommy Tucker's Tooth ?
From where did Ben Wilson (American football) do his highscool?
Does the lena river flow into the Laptev Sea?
Name some books by Spanish speaking authors.
How many famous people are born in Long Island?
Name some sports played in institutions of Maharashtra?
How many other genere are there of the radio stations whose one of the genre  is Classic rock ?
Where did Allama Matthews study?
What is the common nationality of Funny Face a comedian and that of Georgina Theodora Wood ?
What shows are aired on sister channels of BBC Parliaments
How many veterans are buried in the US?
Was Michael Schumacher the Pole driver of 1994 Spanish Grand Prix?
name the Glover's distributer ?
Whichi office of Walter Evnas Edge is also the part of Atlantic seaboard fall lines ?
Does the west thurrock come under Essex county?
Is Azerbaijan the membership of European Go Federation?
Which team did Michael and Ryan Powell play for?
What are the television shows whose network is Prime Time Entertainment Network?
To which company is the service "Nintendo eShop" associated with?
Name the famous employee of open society foundations ?
List the movies whose music composer is often associated with Jon and Vangelis.
Does Massimo Liverani play for Abarth?
who is the governer of New Castile?
Does MSX BASIC have a license of microsoft?
How many teams have someone playing at the defenceman position?
List all the teams which have someone who played their first game for the Yankees?
Cricket is played by which countries' citizens?
Which religion is followed by the PM who was served by Chea Sim?
Name some shows similar to the one whose theme song is made by Murray Gold.
What is the constituency of the people who died in Lampedusa?
Who are the relatives of the character after which Quagmire's Quagmire was made?
Name the driver who was at pole in 1997 Canadian Grand Prix and also 1994 Spanish Grand Prix ?
Which fictional character portrayed by Roger barton has Darth Vader as family member ?
Which band was left by Kevin Jonas?
What is the place of death of the gymnast who was the silver medalist at the 1956 Summer Olympics Men's rings ?
Name the narrators of the album which has been narrated by Alan Thicke ?
Whose children died in North Bend, Ohio?
Name the presenter of Shirley Temple's Storybook ?
What is the place of birth of the stars of Auto Shankar ?
Name the television show created by CE Webber and also has actor named Companion?
Give me the characters who last appeared in Star Wars Episode 3
How many awards have been awarded to people who are buried in Glendale, California?
Count the number of tenants whose one of the tenant is Toronto Phantoms ?
In which war did the units garrisoned at Turin fight?
Which software uses GTK+ as programming language?
Producers of what have died in Mississippi?
Where is the birthplace of Ferrel Harris ?
Did Stan Lee write the Daredevils?
Which sports exist in the universities whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
How many scientists are known for the Manhatten Project?
Who designed the stadiums which have been rented by Oakland athletics?
Who were the producers of the tenderfoot?
Name the route start of Saint Petersburg  Moscow Railway ?
Name the sport league of Hampton Roads Rhinos ?
How many Thesaban towns are there?
Name all the broadcast area of the TV stations which has Rodrigues as one of the broadcast area ?
Which share holder of outlook is also the content license of the MSX Basics ?
Name the shows whose theme was composed by a band in which Jay Lane used to be?
Name the office holder with predecessor as Mark Latham and partner Tim Mathieson ?
Which newspaper owned by Schibsted is published in Swedish ?
Was Yabanc Damat first aired in UAE?
How many other people are in a band with Robert de Niro?
Which river goes through cohoes, NY
List the software which uses Microsoft Windows as their operating system ?
What all has been created by Jerry Siegel?
What is the common party of the Manthena Venkata Raju and  B. Shiva Rao?
Is Philosophy the academic discipline of Think (journal)?
List the country of Tokaj wine region ?
Who all were venerated in Islam?
Which country has outflow of  Lake Uniamsi and  inflows of the Cahora Bassa?
How many items belong to the Science Fiction genre?
For what is Abhijit Kunte known ?
Who is the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
How many shows belong to the networks one of whose sister station is BBC News?
Which spouse of Ptolemy XIV had a mother named Ptolemy XII auletes ?
What is the mascot of Galatasaray Handball Team ?
Name some dishes made with flowering plants.
Whose artworks are in Sao Paulo Museum of Art?
Which country are the players of the Atletico Petroleos de Luanda from?
What is the ethnicity of the people working for the Philippines house of representatives?
Where was Ganefo hosted?
What is the religion of the governors whose office is the Bank of Thailand?
Count everyone who was in a youthclub chaired by Josep Maria Bartomeu ?
What is the common branch of military of Edward Joseph Schwartz  and John Tower ?
Which TNT show has Christopher Franke as artist?
What would be a common border of Siberia and the shimsa plateau?
The Information: A History, a Theory, a Flood is a work of Isaac Newton?
List all the locations of the companies whose are also located in Rancho Cucamonga, California ?
Name the university with affiliations as Graham Holdings Company and campus at Indiana?
Greek writers have won which award?
In which nation does the league take place where C.D. Primeiro de Agosto play?
Where are ethnic group located which speak Nebraskan?
In which war did Roh Tae Woo and Lee Leffingwell fight?
For which reasons have the ones born in Edinburgh, died?
What company developed Mac OS 9 and also brought Tiny Tower to the market?
What is the largest city of the country which have an assembly of Plymouth Savoy?
What is the religion of the ethnic group to which Clara Ng belongs?
What is the affiliation of Vanderbilt University Medical Center ?
How many scientist became famous for the battle of Occupation of Japan?
Did Steve Sampson manage a club of Santa Clara university
In which municipalities does the NYC housing authority own buildings?
What have been made in the state whose capital is Boston?
Name the military conflict whose commander was Colin Powell and took place in israel ?
Where do the judge advocate general corps live?
List the universities with athletics NCAA Division I Football Bowl Subdivision ?
Who is the builder of the Stadium of Costa Rica women's national football team?
How many sitcoms were produced by the company whose predecessor was the Desilu Productions
What city is the residence of Cheryl Teigs?
Which basketball team's coach is Kurt Rambis?
Who is the successor of Quest Software ?
What are some other destinations covered by the airlines whose flights go to the Mediterranean sea?
Where is the  assembly of Caterpillar 797 ?
What is the official residence of the senator who is the deputy of Everett Dirksen?
What are the organisation founded in Texas and Dallas?
Name the television show whose voice is given by  April Stewart and theme music composer is Primus (band)?
Name the constituency of  Jonas Gahr Stre ?
Which players have represented Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim?
Where did Goran Cengic die?
What is the profession of Claiborne Pell ?
Which former team of the Harry Parker (baseball) is the  debut team of the Carl Sitton?
What are the county seats of the region which operates the Boeing Field?
Where is the hometown of A Bartlett Giamatti?
What are the professions of Frederick Frelinghuysen (general) ?
Did Henry Ford design the Model C?
Name the species of Southwest African lion ?
Count the sports played at universities located in Urban Areas?
What is the mountain whose parent mountain peak is Nevado de Toluca?
Was Just Another day made by Queen Latifah?
Who was the narrator in the point?
Is Stephanie Rice the flagbearer of Australia at the 2008 Summer Olympics?
What is the home town of the Band which is the previous work of Sammy Hagar & Friends ?
Did Carolyn Heinrich study at the Vanderbilt?
In which state do darren brass and belvin perry live?
List all the school of the rugby player whose one of the school is Michael House ?
What is the official residence of the Christopher Daz Figuero which is also the  state of the Cruce a Nado Internacional
What is the national origin of Focke-Wulf Fw 260 ?
What is manufactured by a company founded by Akio Morita?
What is the award presented by Downtown Athletic Club and Yale Club NYCity?
What is the name of the river whose mouth country is Mozambique and source region is North-Western Province, Zambia?
List the races of Fergie Sutherland?
Games on amiga are typically of what kind?
Where is the gold coast football club located?
Which shows are similar to the ones produced by Phil Collinson?
What is the country whose leader name is Grard Larcher?
Who was the influencer of Dave Attel who also starred in Adios Amigo?
Name the wine regions of Baco noir?
What is the awards won by the producer of From the Life of the Marionettes ?
What  is the meaning of the Isa (name) which is also a relegion of Sacred Heart Convent School (Bangkok) ?
List the doctoral students of Harry Harlow ?
List the major shrines of the saints whose one of the shrine is St. Takla Haymanot's Church ?
Which currency is used by the record label of the Way to Your Heart?
In which department does Raymond Baldwin work?
Where did the fashion designer study who died at the Stony Brook University Hospital?
Was mother teresa beatified by John Paul the second?
Which company of Ford Theatre is the owning organization of F0ord Kansa City Assemply Plant ?
What is the religion of the relatives of Ananda Weerasekara?
Which religion did both anupong paochinda and udit raj follow?
Who are all the people who used to figure skate with the current partner of Alexa Scimeca?
Isaac Hayes has acted in which movies ?
What is the citizenship of the Sarah Kazemy and land of the Cervelle de canut
Movie's produced by Michael Deeley has Jordan Cronenweth as director of photography
What is the company that has products with Windows RT as its OS?
How many buildings are located in the jurisdiction of John Tory?
Name some software as a service?
List down the associated musical artist of the writer of Rain Is a Good Thing ?
Who founded the league which was won by Joe McKeehen?
How many companies were founded in Menlo Park, California?
Which European Broadcasting Union's TV show has opening theme as Te Deum ?
Give me all martial artists trained by Joe Schilling.
Name the musical band of Written in the Stars ?
Carl Sagan has penned books on how many matters?
What is the venerated in of Edwin of Northumbria ?
Is william doyle the chairman of Georgetown university?
Where was Picasso's Last Words recorded ?
What is the hub airport of Pawan Hans, and is also the largest city of India?
What is the occupation of the people who are born in Iowa?
Where all does the sister station of virgin radio play?
Under whom did Charles Drummond Ellis do his PhD?
How many have company as Paramount Television and network as NBC are there?
Under which president did some politicians live in Kensington?
Ontario's ice hockey players have been a part of which teams?
What race of Linda Hogan is the state of origin of the Holmes Colbert ?
Who is the author of Karakuri Dji Ultimo ?
What is the official residence of Fergus McMaster ?
Count the different causes of death of Christians.
How many players debuted their careers from San Francisco 49ers?
Name the TV shows whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski and executive producer is Douglas Netter?
What is the company whose one of the key person is Dennis Muilenburg and produces Boeing CH-47 Chinook ?
Which company is located in Harris County, Texas?
Is north america one of the destinations of airtours airways?
Which memeber of South Asia SubRegional Economic cooperation is also the nationality of Aishath saffa ?
Which board memeber of jimmy Wales also owns Latvian Wikipedia ?
Which baseball team is managed by Bruce Bochy?
What are the musicals based on, whose lyricist was Shelon Harnick?
Who has given guest appearances on the TV Episodes whose was music done by Mama Makes 3?
What series is Mazes of Time from, and is produced by BBC multimedia?
Is Audie Murphy buried in the Arlington national cementery?
What are the universities where athletics is regulated by National Collegiate Athletic Association?
Which  office holder's resting place is Alta Mesa Memorial Park and Henry E. Catto, Jr. as predecessor ?
Name the TV show whose network is NBC and is the subsequent work of Fraiser ?
How many had their debut team coached by Chip Kelly?
Who is the scientist whose academic advisor was Karl Ewald Hasse?
Malaysian highway authority has designed bridges over what things?
Which labels have published songs written by Harry Connick Jr?
List the academic discipline of the journals whose publisher is SAGE Publications.
What is the government type of Kumta ?
whose is famous works are Maniac Magee and Wringer ?
what kind of games can I find for PC 9800?
After the death of which political figure, did the Coalition Provisional Authority came into power?
Who owns the radio stations in Alabama?
Name the movie whose director is Stanley Kubrick and editor is Anthony Harvey?
what are the nicknames of the people who are in Ekstraliga?
List the alma mater of the person who is wedded to Sissela Bok.
List all the members of the organization whose one of the members is Bangladesh ?
Which sports are played in schools founded by Fr Almeida?
What is the nationality of the economist who is one of the important people in the Foundation for Economic Education?
List all discipline of the journals whose one of the discipline is Cerebral blood flow ?
Which high school of jerry Tagge is also the nearest city of Tennie laura ?
In how many different places do Starwood hotels and resorts worldwide operate?
Which athletics of Jaimatu Muslim Mindano is same as the genre of the Fritz Chess ?
How many utopian and dystopian fiction books are there?
Which scientist is known for anthrax and has Karl Ewald Hasse as his academic advisor ?
Who appointed the governor under whom Richard Winn works?
Where is Vietnam Airlines located ?
Which location of  INKAS is also the location of  T.I. Ahmadiyya Senior High School, Kumasi ?
Which TV show's company is PlayTone and is produced by Stephen E. Ambrose ?
What is the route end of NorthSouth Transport Corridor ?
List the architect of the buildings whose one of the  architect is Philip Webb?
What is the residence of the bronze medalist of Alpine skiing at the women's downhill competition at the 1972 Winter Olympics?
Who is the manufacturer of engine of Jeep Forward Control ?
Which company founded in New Mexico manufactures Visual Studio ?
Mazhar Ul Haq High School, Beerwah is affiliated to Islamic Religion
Which government agency is run by Supachai Somcharoen?
What is the owner of Ivanpah Solar Power Facility and the original developer of Dart?
Find the total number of  ingredient of the recepies whose ingredient is common Mushroom ?
List all the tenants of the stadium where the WWF Summer Slam 2004 took place.
Who were the founders of Sea Gayle Music?
What religion's politicians are in the Malaysian Chinese association?
How many movies are directed by the spouse of Dolores del Ro?
Which US state gave  us Brian Deegan and Harold Lyold?
What are some bands out to texarkana?
What is the military branch of John Tower ?
In which country was GM was firt aired which is also the mouth country of Upper Neretva?
How many information appliance are manufactured by companies located in Taiwan?
How many people are in the England national football team?
With which musical artist is the producer of Spotlight associated ?
Where was the current champion of Egyptian Open born ?
Is Tea the main ingredient of Lahpet?
In what battles did president Park Chung-hee participate?
who is the husband of Rosie Huntington Whiteley?
What is the river whose tributary is Zarqa River?
Who holds stock in the railway lines ending in Washington DC?
Which religion does the leader of Church and Wellesley follow?
Who are the local authority of Buckhurst Hill County High School ?
Who made the singles on the famous album Aida?
List all the former broadcast network of WMDN ?
What company's founder is Jim Harris?
Which religions are practiced in India?
Which current player of Chicago Bulls was drafted by Los Angeles Clippers ?
Which New Mexico company provides One Drive as a service ?
What team has  players  born in Dominican Republic ?
Name the party of Indira Gandhi ?
Who was the opponent of Robert Carr, 1st Earl of Somerset ?
What is the common country of Ganz UV and Balaton wine region ?
What is the mascot of Celal Bayar University ?
Whose resting place is William Henry Harrison Tomb State Memorial and has kids named John Scott Harrison?
Why did Letita McTavish Hargrave and Sextus Barbour die?
Name the constituency of Domenico Modugno ?
Is michelangelo the painter of The Persian Boy?
Name the president whose had relatives in Clinton family and lieutenant named Joe Purcell?
What discipline was The Chess Monthly about ?
Which saints were the messengers of Islam?
tonle sap flows into which river?
What awards were given to the producer of Chicken Little?
Was GM first aired in Albania?
What water bodies have primary inflows sa Kemijoki?
Where was WiZeefa founded ?
Which educational institution of Jack Mcgregor is also the alma mater of Donn barber ?
Where is Richard Stites located ?
was james watt a mechanical engineer?
Which drinks have emerged from the US?
Who composed the lyrics of Holler If Ya Hear Me ?
Is Bluebird the grandsire of Miss Potential?
What is the headquarters of the public transit system which is the system of Bottineau LRT ?
What units are garrisoned in the Pentagon?
What is the hometown of John Speraw ?
Count  the journals in the field of Philosophy.
Which scientist advised a doctoral student named Erban Ieica?
Where are the Dinamo Krasnodar players born?
What is the hometown of Nader Guirat, where Josef Johansson was born too?
How many major shrine are there, of the saints whose beatified by Pope Pius XI ?
Name the TV shows owned by divisions of CBS?
What is the academic discipline of Journal of Cerebral Blood Flow & Metabolism ?
What is the agency name of the Ministry of Information and Communication Technology (Thailand) and distribution region  of the Channel 9 MCOT HD ?
Which gaming console's central processing unit is microprocessor and built by Sony?
List the home stadiums of the teams in the Russian Premier League?
Give me an estimate number of races where horses grandsired by the Wild Risk have raced in?
Give me the list of people who scaled mountains in Sierra Nevada?
What is the name of the movie whose director of photography was Jordan Cronenweth and music composer was Vangelis?
What are the common sports played by jamiatu Muslim mindanao and Polytechnic University of Philippines Taguig ?
Count the different origins of members of the Vitis Vinifera species.
What magazine published Allal and is the employer of Peter Bergman?
Where were Justina Machado and John Englehard born?
Name the office holder who was married to Dolley Madison and has resting palce as Montpelier ?
Where was David Scherman trained ?
In which series has Sean Young portrayed someone?
List all the hubs of the airline whose one of the hub is Subang, Indonesia ?
Was the song The Boy is Mine recorded in Atlanta?
Who is the president when Loretta Ucelli used to work for Democratic party?
Who wrote the play in which Blanche DuBois is a character?
Which district of Robert William Wilcox os the place of birth of Kamaloohua ?
Where is the capital of Kelsey Creek located?
What borders the valley which falls under Lake County, Oregon?
What city is it where Wayne Allard governs and Juli Ashton was born?
List the regions served by the company which serves in Pacific Ocean ?
Which prime ministers were served by the governor who appointed Murray Gleeson?
Name the fictional character painted by Josh Friedman and portrayed in Terminator Genisys ?
What is the state of origin of the person who is the successor of Tetsugen Bernard Glassman?
What city in the US was Alfred Phillips born in, and is the resting place of William Smith?
Give me the name of the organization hqed at  Chaeng Watthana Govt Complex?
Who is the writer of the singles whose producer is Peter-John Vettese?
Count the number of artist whose pone of the field is writing ?
Which veterans served at CBS?
What are some shareholders of the bridge maintained by the Massachusetts department of transportation?
Name the team for which Cam Plante played for which were also the tenants of MasterCard center ?
City of Miami Cemetery is the governing body of which city?
List the movies whose editors are born in London.
Does Shaun Thong a member of Audi?
Is the chestnut white bellied rat a mammal?
Who attended Great Ayton university?
Where was Babita born ?
What is the city whose mayor is Giorgos Kaminis?
Which destinations of the Air 2000 is also the location continent of the Falken Tire ?
Does Sonny Bill Williams belong in the Canterbury Bankstown Bulldogs club?
Which field's journals are edited by Paul Morphy?
Give me a list of everyone who manages the famous rock art sites?
List the film starring of the movies whose editor is Harvey  Rosenstock ?
Name hte builder of Baku Olympic Stadium ?
Count the awards received by Immunologists?
In which mountain Inyo National Forest and California are located?
What is the nickname of the club managed by Piotr baron?
For how many different teams have the players debuted in Houston Astros played?
Rostock and Oulu is the shore cities on which sea ?
Was winston churchill the prime minister of Selwyn Lloyd?
How many different things are used as ingredients in Sweden?
How many people have been the first one to scale a peak in the Yosemite Park?
What are some licensees of the stations playing in Nashville, Tennessee?
Which builder of Ford Straight-6 engine is also the automobile latform provider of Chiva bus ?
List the awards given to the key people in Pixar ?
Which distributer of Bombay Sapphire also makes Grewy goose ?
Count the total number of bacterias whose division is Firmicutes and domain is Bacteria?
Count me the number of people whose military unit is involved with Close air support ?
What is the college of Malik Ausean which is also the college of Kyle Fuller ?
What are some other great things by the person who produced Queer as Folk?
Does Jean Louis Arcand work for Geneva?
Is facebook a public company?
Under which scientist did doctoral students erban ieica and Erich Bagge study?
Which rivers start in a country whose leader is Irene Mambilima?
Count the number of books whose author's were born in Alcal de Henares ?
Name the show whose jury consist of Jennifer Lopez and Randy Jackson?
List down all the baseball teams whose team manager was a Catcher?
 Which musical band produced the subsequent work of City of New Orleans ?
What is the alma mater of the James Still which is also the alma mater of Tom Maniatis?
Where is the stadium of west Papus football team ?
What is the debut team of the football player whose college is UCLA Bruins football?
Does Air 2000 fly to the north american continent?
In which racing championships did Bobby Beasley and Martin Molony participate?
What is the origin of the grape whose wine region is the Troodos Mountains ?
Whose families are Buccinoidea and Buccinidae?
Name the artist of Brad Paisley discography ?
Ernest Rutherford was the advisor of how many people?
Name the TV show whose composer is Judy Hart Angelo and company as Paramount Television ?
list all the chairman of Vancouver Whitecaps FC?
What are some employees of Uni of California, santa cruz?
Which municipality of the Brown's Corners, toronto also place of birth of Krista Kelly ?
Which famous writer was married to Jill Krementz and had a son named Edith Vonnegut ?
Name the nearest city to Tennie and Laura ?
How many TV shows have been created by Simon Fuller ?
Who appointed the governor under which Robert Witherspoon worked?
What is the area of ITV (Thailand) ?
who all play for of the american football players at  Quarterback position?
Name the office holder whose child is Lori Black and predecessor is Henry E. Catto Jr ?
Which televion show's theme music was given by Ron Grainer and is broadcasted by BBC HD ?
Name a person who was educated in Humes High School ?
Where do I find buildings rented by Weber Thompson?
What is the field of interest of the advisor of Henri Maspero ?
Name the actor of Soylent Green to which Lydia Clarke is married ?
Count the cities whihch are on the same sea as that of Miami ?
Name the stock holders of soccer club whose one of the stockholder is Carl Sanders ?
Who are the key people of FWD.us?
Who is the executive producer of Into the Dalek ?
What team is famous for Robert Nederlander and also the debuting team of Gary Sanchez?
List everyone who got their training in the city of California?
Where are Thomas Franois Burgers and Johannes Gerhardus Strijdom buried?
Through how many cities does the river flowing into Arkansas go?
What is the municipality of the Brown's Corners, Toronto and also the  place of birth of the George Karrys
Does Richard Marx play guitar?
How many things are manufactured by the company whose subsidiary is Sony Corporation shareholders and subsidiaries?
What is the total number of office holders who preceded the people working under president bill clinton?
In which other places are there companies which are in Ontario, too?
What is the POD of the successor of Pmare I ?
In which companies boards do the writers of Wikitionary belong?
How many nations' volleyball players have played for the Russian women volleyball team?
Which office holder's governor is Charles Willing Byrd and has final resting place in North Bend, Ohio?
What is the television show which has cast member as Jason Carter and network is TNT (TV channel)?
In how many places can I find people whose alma mater was in bachelor of arts?
Is Gutenberg neighbouring with Madiswil?
List the junctions which lie on U.S. Route 59 in Texas and U.S. Route 59 ?
Does Mr. Jim's Pizza operate in the pizza industry?
Which scientist's academic advisor is Georg Meissner and is known for invention of Anthrax ?
Name the writer of South Park: The Stick of Truth ?
Who owns Torrey Pines Gliderport?
Who wrote a streetcar named desire?
Which nationality of Newin Chidchob is also the nationality of Ajahn Sao Kantaslo ?
What is the label of the album whose previous work is Waterfall?
What is the label of things produced by the band If?
Which automobile platform provider of Chiva bus is also the parent company of the Ford Falcon Cobra ?
List the goverener of Winston Bryant?
Count the movies directed by Tim Burton and music composer Danny Elfman ?
Erik Jendresen is writer and Play tone is company of which TV show ?
From which genres of music did those genres emerge where drums are important?
Which developer of  the Spider-Man: Edge of Time is the  successor of PlayStation 2 ?
Who is the appointer of Earl B. Ruth ?
What is the constituency of the leader of Labour Party (Norway)?
Name the office holder who has a child named lori Black and Harvard Westlake school as one of the educational institute ?
To which educational institutes is Samuel Isham associated to?
Give me a count of mammals whose family is Canidae?
Which band produced the album Aida?
Name the champion of National League ?
Which European sea has Oulu as one of the shore city ?
Name the team Ramiro Pea played for, which was also the first team of Steve Ontiveros?
List the total number of awards of the musicals who have won Tony Award?
What is the debut team of people born in Vargas?
What is the product of the BBC Multimedia and is the theme of Visions, the convention?
Does the Jordan River start in the Golan Heights?
Count the awards received by the ones who fought the battle of france?
List the military branch of  Henry Hyde ?
What is the ethnicity of the Maike Evers and state of origin of the Theodor Hillenhinrichs ?
How many people play for the Dallas Cowboys?
Was Reza Amrollahi born in Iran?
What is the country whose administrative centre is Hagta, Guam?
Which sports by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Taguig is the discipline of The Chess Monthly ?
Which source country of SamurAbsheron channel is the birth place of Anar Salmanov ?
List the resting place of the people who served in Norwalk Trainband.
Who was the designer of john madden Football '92 ?
Give me all magazines whose editors live in Chicago?
Which company's cars are assembled in Iran?
Which are the television show which have been created by Donald Wilson?
Count all the Colonels?
Does the croton river flow into the hudson?
What sports can be played at universities in Metro Manila?
What team has Sam Keller and Jim McMilin played for?
What has  location as Ontario?
Where was Juno I launched from ?
In which sects was the aristocrat venerated, whose parent is Thelred the Unready?
Who won the ohio house of representatives, 2010?
Name the common distributing label of the Chinga Chang Records and StandBy Records ?
What is the draft team of Gene Conley ?
What was a common first team at the 1967 Mexican Grand Prix and 1971 US one?
What are some common ingredients used in Swedish dishes?
Where did Rheinmetall MG 60 originated ?
Did nokia 215 has the series 30+ OS?
Gregg Toland cinematographed how many things?
What type of government is elected in Kumta?
List the birth city of the politicians of Democratic Party.
Was Tommy Tucker's Tooth animated by Walt Disney?
What team does John McGeever play for, which also employed Ben Dreith at some time?
Give me the total number of lines owned by owner of Mwtro-Noth Railroad ?
For which team do Guido Guerrini and Massimo Liverani currently play for?
What is the governing body of Fort Monroe ?
List the common sports played by Polytechnic University of the Philippines Bataan and Jamiatu Muslim Mindanao ?
How many television shows are broadcasted on Fox Broadcasting Company?
What are some tv shows created by Simon Fuller?
What is the place of birth of the Michael Marder which is also the  place of death of the Tigran Petrosian
Who is married to Tony Ramo
How many states are in the Mediterranean Basketball Association?
What is the title of the Kakae and also the district of the Robert William Wilcox ?
Who wrote the singles on the Main Course?
State the religion of the person known for People's Bank (Sri Lanka) ?
To which US states does the roads belong which meet at the East Whiteland Township in Pennsylvania?
In how many places can I find people who were the architects of the Dundas Castle?
List all the children of Barbara Bush?
Name the notable work by Russell T Davis which is also the series of Doctor Who:Destiny of the Doctors ?
Who oarent organization of Get TV is also the label provider of I Pray on CHristmas ?
What company made facebook messenger and is the platform where Words of Gold can be played?
Who wrote the frost king?
Which company had built the rockets launched at the Cape Canaveral Air Force Station Space Launch Complex 17?
Name a royalty whose one of the child is Augustus  and is associated with Publius Servilius Vatia Isauricus?
Who trained the wrestlers who are billed in Wisconsin?
Which currency of Republic of Montenegro is also the currency of the French Southern and Antarctic Lands ?
Where are the movies directed by Faisal Aman Khan recorded?
Where was the battle fought where 2nd Foreign Infantry Regiment participated  ?
How many cities are around the sea in which the ionian sea flows?
Which team did Bill Murphy and Jean Segura play for?
What is the administrative headquarters of Pulau Ujong ?
What all is produced by companies in Douglas, Isle of Man?
Miguel de Cervantes wrote the musical extended from which book?
Which city amongst the one which belongs to Boundary Dam was the palce for Soccer Bowl '76 ?
Which employer of Manu Cornet has alsoe written Google.by ?
What is the common official residence of Lezlee Westine and Arnold W. Braswell?
Who had headed the governmental agencies whose admin HQ was in Niederkirchnerstrasse?
Where does the Kentucky cycle take place?
Whichi  burial place of the Henri, Duke of Rohan is also the birth place of Michel Frutschi ?
Which river's source mountain is Baikal Mountains and is located in Laptev Sea ?
Among which sitcoms in which theme music is composed by Gary Portnoy is located in Massachusetts ?
Name the movies distributed by Warner Bros. and directed by Ridley Scott ?
WHich region of the Providence Chapel, Charlwood is also the region of the Joseph Case High School
Name a river starting from arequipa region?
What basketball league's champion is Golden State Warriors
Name some people working at someplace owned by News Corp.
Was Johnny Depp a member of Skull Gang?
What is the basketball team whose President's college is Brockport Golden Eagles?
Count the number of fileds of the scientist whose one of the interest is Chinese poetry ?
What organisations purpose is Peace?
In how many different teams have all those who have played as a defenceman been?
How many teams have used the stadiums which have been rented by the Canadian Hockey team?
How many teams have LA kings players in them currently?
Is Hard Candy Fitness one of the divisions of Moscow?
What is the television show whose developer is J. Michael Straczynski?
list the organisation with motive for peace and environmentalism?
What is the content license of Darcs ?
Is Truth prevails the national motto of Czechoslovakia?
Name a military unit whose command structure is United States Department of the Navy and garrison is Arlington County, Virginia?
Which company developed both Dart and Go?
In which country did Philippe tesnire and judson huss die?
List all the artist of albums which have been produced by Stephen Kozmeniuk ?
Is Olyokma River the right tributary of Lena River?
Which colored race horses have won the Grand National?
What is common between sports played at Fr Agnel School and Jr college, and the genre of Virtual Kasparov?
What are other famous works of the writer who created the Sarah Jane Adventures?
What is the mascot of the alma mater of Deborah Crombie?
Where did the genres originate which can found in The Mudbloods?
What is the resting place of the person who is the successor of James W. Hyatt ?
Who wrote the mangas produced by Masahike Minami?
Which contnet license provider of Microsoft Office Picture Manager is also the game platform of Google Clud Connect ?
What is the mascot of military in Quezon city?
What all are in the states whose anthem is Ja, vi esker dette landet?
Which officers fought in the war of Siege of Fort Recovery?
Which company builds Microsoft Azure and Microsoft Surface?
return some  players who have played in the NBA?
Name an airline with hub airports as Los Angeles International Airport and San Francisco International Airport?
Give me all office holders who finally retired in Montpelier, Orange, Virgina?
Give me a count on scientist who are known for garrison is Tennessee ?
Does Ronaldinho play in the brazil's under 23 team?
Which river starts from the county seat of Heathsville, Virginia?
Who owns the bank where Fabio Mercurio works?
Who owns the horses which have won the Timeform award?
What are some fictional characters whose voice is in the peanuts movie?
What religion do people of the country of Mahbuba Islam Rakhi follow?
How many people used to play for Toronto Argonauts?
How many different people have been in any political seat in places which are under the Indian Standard timezone?
The sports team which played at the American Basketball League championship (1996-1998), have which stadiums?
Whose county seats are Mediolanum and History of Trier?
What is the national origin of Dornier Aerodyne and Hirth Acrostar ?;
Was Class Conflict an interest of Karl Marx?
Count the tenants of the stadiums owned by toronto.
Name the president who has relations with Clinton family and had a lieutenant named Winston Bryant?
What is the fictional character whose voice over is done by the animator of Dick Lundy ?
How many sports are played in organizations presided by Emanuel de Guzman?
What are the home stadiums of the things Leonid Fedun has been the chairman of?
Is Akan spoken in Ghana?
Which region of English American is also the palce of Death of Brent Darby ?
Who acted in the work written by Colin Brake?
Is Robin Gibb the singer of Oh! Darling?
List everything written in languages developed by EXperimental Computing Facility?
What are some movies whose score is composed by relatives of Bodhi Elfman?
Is the Chiva Bus by the Ford Motor Company?
List the series of the books whose author is K. W. Jeter.
What is the common university iof vanderbilt Commodores and also the college of hubert Wiggs ?
Name the common architecture of the Grand Serail of Aleppo and Shaheed Minar, Kolkata ?
What are the prizes awarded to the main members of DisneyToon Studios?
How many sports are played at the university whose president is Emanuel de Guzman?
Give me the count of interests of the philosopher whose primary interest is Metaphysics ?
Who was buried at St. Mary's Church and fought the battle of  Benedict Arnold's expedition to Quebec ?
On which subjects does the author of the novel Thud! delve?
Who is the writer with notable works like Adventures of Huckleberry Finn and The Adventures of Tom Sawyer?
Name the people living in a place governed by William W Brien?
Name the river whose source is located in Ikelenge  District and mouth in Mozambique?
How many people won the Gold Medal of the Royal Astronomical Society?
What are the relatives of the parliament member whose successor is Peter Thorneycroft?
Which river's source country is Zambia and mouth country is Mozambique?
Was the Funky Lab Rat released in North America?
What is the main common interests of the Philip Novak and Timothy Morton?
